THIS is now becoming ridiculous and frustrating. They once again continued with their buffoonery that has driven most South Africans to distance themselves from Bafana Bafana who drew 1-1 with Paraguay. And their sharing of the Nelson Mandela Challenge trophy with the South Americans, at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium last night, is something that does not have to be taken lightly and excited about – like they did with Nigeria. At the rate in which they are going, Bafana are not giving any hope that they will qualify for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon. Their last qualifier, which is the decider, will be played against Libya on 22 March next year, which could be Stuart Baxter’s last match in charge of Bafana should he fail to qualify. It came as no shock to the handful of supporters who came to watch the game when the Italy-based striker, Federico Santander, who plays for Bologna, slotted in a ball past the already compromised Darren Keet in the 31st minute to the amusement of an already sweaty Baxter. But it came as no surprise when Africa’s best player by far, Percy Tau, slotted a last minute gasp to force a share of the spoils. The reason why Keet made way for Ronwen Williams at the break was fact that he was terrible the entire first half where he was twice saved by the upright and crossbar. It was a game that the South Africans started well with Tau and Vincent Pule threatening to score first against the 31st ranked La Albirroja who came to this game with an intent to lift the Nelson Mandela Challenge, which was last won by Bafana two years ago. Tau saw his shot parried out of play for a corner by Antony Silva two minutes into the game, while Pule’s 29th minute ferocious strike from range was also dusted off by the forever ready Paraguayan Premier Division club Cerro Porteno goalie. Bafana came to this challenge from a 1-1 draw against Nigeria in their qualifier, leaving their Afcon qualification shaky, but possible if they avoid defeat against Libya. Whether Baxter will go back home to Scotland and enjoy the Christmas feast is something that the South Africans will not enjoy following back-to-back 1-1 draws. The demoralised supporters could only shout “Percy, Percy, Percy” at the end of the match just to motivate him to continue being Mzansi’s shining talent. The biggest beneficiary here was the Nelson Mandela Children’s Fund who will receive R1,5 million from Safa.