Trendy events venue, 1Fox became a flurry of creativity this past Saturday as some of the most creative forces on the African continent came together for what was nothing short of a spectacle. The 2018 edition of One Source Live continued on from the major success of the inaugural event last year. The event was founded in 2017 on the notion that Africa is in the midst of a creative revolution and a new breed of artists, musicians, and fashion designers is changing how the world sees and thinks about Africa and its people.  And it is with that knowledge in mind that Absolut, together with rapper and creative head honcho, Khuli Chana brought together a heroic league of international artists from across the continent to celebrate and advance Africa’s creative revolution. Absolut chose specific creatives who are groundbreakers in their respective fields to showcase the true nature of the continent’s power. Just like in 2017 the One Source Live superheroes, Khuli Chana, Sho Madjozi, Trevor Stuurman and Osborne Macharia became heroic avatars inspired by Africa’s history, mythology, and bright futures.  Beyond the superheroes, revelers were treated to a slew of incredible work from other artists. From the headlining iconic Kwaito group, Trompies, to African powerhouse, D’banj and local heroes like Trevor Stuurman converging on multiple stages to give performances, installations and collaborations geared at re-writing Africa’s story, not a single person’s creative appetite was left unsatisfied. Legendary Kwaito group, Trompies were the culmination of a great day of fashion, music, art, food and authenticity.  Prior to them, big-name musicians like D’banj, Sho Madjozi, Khuli Chana, Distruction Boyz, S’java, and Shane Eagle kept the crowd going with spectacular performances that solidified why it is they are top of their crafts. Meanwhile, Trevor Stuurman served up some fashion heat on the evening of the event, in addition to Rich Mnisi and Orapeleng Modutle who gave everyone a fashionable view like no other when they styled Yanga Madlala's performance.  