Gauteng residents have been warned to prepare for temperatures of up to 36 degrees, as a heatwave grips the province this week. News24 reports that parts of the Free State, Eastern Cape and Northern Cape will also see a sharp rise in the mercury over the course of the week. Prieska and Augrabies Falls in the Northern Cape will see maximum temperatures of up to 42 degrees on Monday. The South African Weather Service has warned of possible veld fires over the interior. Forecaster Lulama Pheme says the service has issued advisories for people living in central parts of the Free State, the central Karoo, the central Garden Route, central parts of the Eastern Cape and the Northern Cape. Pheme says there is a "30%" chance of rain over the eastern parts of Mpumalanga later in the day. Shut windows and pull down the shades when it is hotter outside. You can open the windows for ventilation when it is cooler. Avoid the heat: stay out of the sun and don't go out between 11am and 3pm (the hottest part of the day) if you're vulnerable to the effects of heat. Keep rooms cool by using shades or reflective material outside the windows. If this isn't possible, use light-coloured curtains and keep them closed (metallic blinds and dark curtains can make the room hotter). Have cool baths or showers, and splash yourself with cool water. Drink plenty of fluids and avoid excess alcohol – water, lower-fat milks and tea and coffee are good options. You can also drink fruit juice, smoothies and soft drinks, but they can be high in sugar. Limit fruit juice or smoothies to a combined total of 150ml a day, and choose diet or sugar-free soft drinks. Listen to alerts on the radio, TV and social media about keeping cool. Plan ahead to make sure you have enough supplies, such as food, water and any medications you need. Identify the coolest room in the house so you know where to go to keep cool. Wear loose, cool clothing, and a hat and sunglasses if you go outdoors. Check up on friends, relatives and neighbours who may be less able to look after themselves. If you have concerns about an uncomfortably hot house that is affecting your health or someone else's, get medical advice.