THEIR names are similar. They also have the same resemblances simply because they
share the same genes. It is Hans Sarpei, the former Ghana international, and his
niece and budding Ghana international, Hans Nunoo Sarpei. The similarities between the two don’t end there, though. The older Sarpei, who retired in 2012, spent his entire
overseas career in the German Bundesliga, playing mainly for VFL Wolfsburg,
Bayer Leverkusen and Schalke 04. Nunoo Sarpei is also following a similar path, currently in
the books of Stuttgart. “Hans Sarpei is my uncle, my father’s younger brother,”
Nunoo Sarpei told journalists during the StarTimes and Bundesliga tour. “Football runs in the family. My father was a footballer, I
also have another uncle who played football. My cousin plays for Leverkusen youth
team. “Growing up it was motivation seeing my uncle playing in the
national team and also here in Germany.” The 20-year-old had a youth spell with the famed Liberty FC
in Ghana and later with Italian side Verona. But it was at Stuttgart where he cut his teeth two years
ago, before joining Slovakian side, FK Senica, on a season-long loan. He has now returned to parent club, more matured and
equipped for the rigours of Bundesliga. “Honestly speaking, Germany is way ahead of Ghana, Italy and
Slovekia,” said Sarpei. “It’s because of the training facilities, the stadiums, the
fans, how the games are advertised here and so on. “I think this is one of the most important parts which I
think is bringing our Ghana football down, because there is no advertisement,
no hype. You watch the game and there are no too many spectators.” Sarpei has played twice this season, coming on as a second
half substitute when Stuttgart crashed 4-0 to Hoffenheim in the league clash
last Saturday. However, he is happy with his progress so far and hopes to
inspire a turnaround for Die Roten, who are have had a poor start to the
season. He is also eyeing a spot in the Black Stars team, hoping to
make his international debut soon. He said: “It’s always a good feeling to represent your nation
and also encourage the up and coming youngsters to work hard, to have the
passion for the national team. It’s a dream for every youngster.” Among those Sarpei looks up to is Anthony Annan and former
Black Star midfielder Michael Essien as well as his long-time friend
Sackey.