Four South African teams will represent Mzansi in continental club football this week. Orlando Pirates, Mamelodi Sundowns, Kaizer Chiefs and Free State Stars will look to fly the South African flag high when they do battle in the CAF Champions League and CAF Confederations Cup this season. Fresh off their Soweto Derby triumph over the weekend in the Telkom Knockout, Orlando Pirates turn their attention to the Champions League. The Buccaneers dispatched their arch rivals Kaizer Chiefs 2-1 to advance to their first final this season where they will come up against giant slaying Baroka FC who saw off Bidvest Wits 1-0. Prates will have to put the derby euphoria to the side on Tuesday when they kick-off their Caf Champions League campaign after a three year absence. Milutin Sredojevic’s men welcome Light Stars FC from Seychelles in the preliminary stage of the Champions League. Mamelodi Sundowns also kick off their campaign in the same competition with away fixture. They will be looking to regain their glory in the continental competition when they face Equatorial Guinea’s Leones Vegetarianos in their preliminary round match. Masandawana have found it difficult to repeat their 2016 exploits when they won the competition, joining Pirates as the only two South African teams to have lwon the competition. Pitso Mosimane’s men have been knocked out in the group stages and the quarterfinals in trhe last two seasons. Sundowns will be hoping their new attack fires on all cylinders, much like the famous CBD that led them to their maiden Champions league title two years ago. Meanwhile, Kaizer Chiefs and Free State Stars are set to represent South Africa in the Confederation Cup. Chiefs make their return to continental football since 2016 as they look to ease the ever mounting pressure on head coach Giovanni Solinas after two derby defeats in less than two months. They take on Zimamoto of Zanzibar in their preliminary round fixture. The Amakhosi faithful’s thirst for silver-wear continues after they were dumped out of the TKO this past weekend, however, the Confederation Cup provides a new opportunity. Ealla Koto on the other hand, will be going into their debut appearance in the competition without the coach who led them there in Luc Eymael. They play Rwanda-based outfit Mukura Victory Sports. 