eNCA Editor-in-Chief, Mapi Mhlangu has called it a day and is parting ways with the 24-hour news channel after eight years. According to the channel, the decision was a mutual and amicable one, taking effect immediately. “For a number of months Mapi has juggled the onerous demands of the job along with the workload of her MBA. The tension between these two commitments was raised a couple of months ago leading to a difficult decision for both parties,” said eNCA. Mapi was at the center of a number of major changes at the channel including the redesign and construction of three new broadcast sets and the launching of three new shows (CrimeWatch; Madam Speaker and Almost News with Chester Missing). “The company acknowledges Mapi’s contribution and would like to thank her for her unwavering loyalty to our newsroom and the huge part she has played in its success. We believe the time is right ahead of the election period to make this change, allowing the existing management team a chance to focus and prepare for 2019,” said eMedia Investments CEO, Khalik Sherrif. Mapi also told the media that the timing is perfect and that she has nothing but well wishes for the channel. “I leave eNCA in a strong position as SA’s television news leader but this is the right time for me to leave and hand over the reins. I’ve enjoyed the myriad challenges I’ve dealt with during my leadership tenure and know that I leave the operation in safe hands. My only wish is that eNCA continues reporting the news fearlessly and without favour; continues to set the agenda and ask tough questions South Africans deserve answers to,” she said. Editor-at-Large and senior anchor, Jeremy Maggs will take over her responsibilities and head the newsroom supported by the senior editorial management team. This means that we will be less of Jeremy while the channel looks for Mapi’s replacement. “I’d like to pay tribute to Mapi’s exemplary leadership. Under her guidance she has cemented eNCA’s position as the first source of television news in South Africa. I look forward to leading the station into 2019 and through the election. We have an extraordinarily strong product; a dedicated and talented team of over 500 people who collectively work tirelessly to bring news and analysis to South Africa in the fairest and most impartial manner,” said Jeremy.  