JUST a day after Bafana Bafana play the Super Eagles of Nigeria in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier at FNB Stadium on Saturday, the West Africans’ Super Falcons will face off with Banyana Banyana in the Women’s Afcon in Ghana on Sunday. These are the latest skirmishes in the long-standing rivalry between South Africa and Nigeria as the two countries battle for honours in Africa’s biggest cup competitions. Whether Mzansi will finally put an end to Nigeria’s dominance over them remains to be seen. But Bafana will have injured the Super Eagles’ pride when they beat them 2-0 in Uyo, Nigeria, last year. Desiree Ellis’ charges kick off their Group B Women’s Afcon campaign on Sunday with a blockbuster against the Falcons, the most successful team in the history of the competition, having won it a record 10 times. The match is set for the Cape Coast Sports Stadium (5.30pm SA time). The continental women’s competition starts tomorrow and runs until 1 December when the champions will be crowned. Hosts Ghana will kick off proceedings with a clash with Algeria at Accra Sports Stadium. The Black Queens of Ghana will be hoping to use home advantage to win the continental title, as they have been the losing finalists on three occasions – in 1998, 2002 and 2006. Banyana defender Nothando Vilakazi has warned her teammates not to focus on their opening match against reigning champions Nigeria but on winning their group, which also features Equatorial Guinea and Zambia. “We’re not going to Ghana to play Nigeria only,” she said. “We’re going to a tournament where we will play three different teams in the group stages. The main objective is to win the group stage. not just beat Nigeria. “Our objective is to win as many games as possible and qualify for next year’s Fifa Women’s World Cup.” Banyana, who will be making their 12th appearance at the tournament, had their best showing in 1995, 2000, 2008 and 2012 when they finished as runners-up. This year they need a top three finish to qualify for the Women’s World Cup in France from 7 June to 7 July next year.