Top-ranking athletes, Wayde van Niekerk and Siyamthanda Kolisi are the lead faces in a brand new television commercial. The athletes star in the new Openview commercial which was recently unveiled by the brand. The commercial reinforces Openview’s stance on free entertainment in South Africa. Filmed in Johannesburg and culminating on the iconic Nelson Mandela Bridge, the TVC features a large cast, most of whom are eMedia employees. In its essence, the TVC has two messages, equal entertainment for everyone and free entertainment for everyone. ICYMI: WAYDE VAN NIEKERK SCORES NEW AMBASSADORSHIP DEAL! The people in the commercial can be seen taking a stand against the sad, dull and repetitive television they have been forced to watch, with Wayde leading the rebellion. Meanwhile, Siya stars as the leader of the new order, one in which television is exciting, free and filled with colour. “The team at eMedia really put us through our paces in terms of carving out the positioning for Openview. We finally got to the ‘freedom of entertainment’, and it felt right for Openview to be the liberator of free, the brand for the people. It is a real honour to be a part of a brand that actually has something of value to offer to the consumer,” said Marlin van Noie, Chief Creative Officer at Sugar Ray Leonard & Partners, the creative agency responsible for the conceptualization and production of the TVC. The TVC was directed by famed director, Tebogo Malope of The Star Film Company who says he loved working on the campaign. “The team at eMedia are creative, and they are also plugged into the streets. They are about the people, and they are about creative work like this. I realised I am in a space with kindred spirits who understand how to make work that resonates with our people,” he said. Siya Kolisi remembers growing up hungry as he joins global citizen movement Openview, whose face and brand ambassador is Wayde van Niekerk, has 20 television channels and eight radio stations with a broad mix of news, actuality, movies, drama, sport, and children’s entertainment.   