Miss Universe 2018 and Miss South Africa 2017, Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters will give away her Miss Universe crown to her successor in under a month. It has been exactly one year since her reign began in Los Angeles and she broke South Africa’s 39-year Miss Universe drought. The last South African beauty queen to don the crown was Margaret Gardiner, who was Miss SA 1977 and became Miss Universe 1978. Demi has now officially performed all of her duties, did all of her charitable acts, has worn all of her gowns, and has met all of her obligations as Miss Universe. “On this day a year ago my life changed forever. What a defining and life changing moment it was being crowned Miss Universe 2017. Forever grateful to everyone who believed in me and my dreams just as much as I did. South Africa, thank you for trusting me to represent you. I’m still in awe of God’s grace and the surprises he blesses us with. This one is for my biggest motivation and inspiration in my life, my little sister. I love you,” Demi told fans on social media. ICYMI: MISS SA REVEALS HER MISS UNIVERSE OUTFITS Last week, Demi packed up her things and moved out of the Miss Universe penthouse in New York, signaling the end of an iconic era. And now, only one final act remains, for her to crown the next Miss Universe. South Africa is hoping to make history when Tamaryn Green competes in the pageant by bringing the crown home twice in a row. This has only ever happened once in history when Venezuela’s Dayana Mendoza and Stefanía Fernández took the crown consecutively in 2008 and 2009. After revealing her official Miss Universe costumes last week and saying goodbye to her parents today, Tamaryn is headed to Bangkok to compete for the crown. The 67th annual Miss Universe pageant takes place on Monday, December 17, in Bangkok, Thailand and South Africans are hoping for a consecutive win as reigning Miss Universe Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters of South Africa will crown her successor at the end of the event. On this day a year ago my life changed forever. What a defining and life changing moment it was being crowned Miss Universe 2017. Forever grateful to everyone who believed in me and my dreams just as much as I did. South Africa, thank you for trusting me to represent you. I’m still in awe of God’s grace and the surprises he blesses us with. Jeremiah 29:11. ?? This one is for my biggest motivation and inspiration in my life, my little sister. I love you ?? #missuniverse #oneyear A post shared by  Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters (@demileighnp) on Nov 26, 2018 at 4:00am PST  Not having the best day. This is all I needed to put the biggest smile on my face! • • PS: these photos were all taken while packing for Miss South Africa events and here I am packing up my Miss Universe apartment getting ready to hand over the title. #myboy #benji A post shared by  Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters (@demileighnp) on Nov 20, 2018 at 11:04am PST  Just said my farewells to the two people I owe everything to. Thank you for raising me to be the woman I am, knowing that I can spread my wings and fly and that you’ll always be there to catch me. I’m so proud to be your daughter. See you in Thailand! ? A post shared by  Tamaryn (@tamaryngreen) on Nov 26, 2018 at 1:12am PST   