BANYANA Banyana phenomenal story continues in the Women’s Africa Cup of Nations as they chase history in Ghana. Banyana who are on a quest of qualifying for the Fifa Women’s World Cup next year enhanced their chances of achieving their goal by booking a spot in the semifinals of the Women’s Afcon which is underway in two cities of Ghana, Cape Coast and the capital city Accra. Banyana played to a 1-1 draw against Zambia at the Accra Stadium on Saturday evening. but their perfomance was not convincing compared to the past to matches which they played midweek against Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria. The draw against Zambia saw them topping their Group B with seven points from three matches where they won two defeating Nigeria 1-0, hammering of Equatorial Guinea 7-1 and the draw. Fantastic Thembi Kgatlana continued with her sterling performance as she scored Banyana solitary goal in the first eight minute of the match. But her goal was cancelled by Racheal Kundananji who leveled the matters in the 10th minute. This was Kgatlana’s fourth goal of the tournament and she is scored in each and every game of Banyana since the tournament started last Sunday. She is currently the tournaments leading goal scorer with four goals. In the semis’ Banyana who have had a great run in this year’s Women’s Afcon will face Group B runners up Mali on Tuesday evening at Cape Coast Sports Stadium (8:30pm South African time). The semifinal against Mali will be a do or die for coach Desiree Ellis charges as they know that victory will ensure them a place in the Fifa Women’s World Cup which will be held in France next year from 7 June until 7 July. In the other semifinal showdown, Group A winners Cameroon will host Nigeria who are the reigning champions at the Accra Sports Stadium on the same day (6pm). The top three teams at the end of the tournament will qualify for the World showpiece next year. The final of the tournament where champions will be crowned is scheduled to take place at the Accra Stadium next Saturday (8pm South African time).