THABISA Vuza (50) and her daughter, Nolukhanyo Mtalana (30), shared macaroni and mince meat for supper last Thursday night. Half an hour later Nolukhanyo, in her church uniform, died in a hail of bullets in Mzansi’s murder capital, Nyanga. She had just returned from Crossroads Methodist Church at 8pm and visited her mum’s house in Old Crossroads. Nolukhanyo leaves a 13-year-old child. “Hardly 30 minutes after she left at about 10.30pm, a church member called and said my daughter had been shot. “At first I did not believe it. I told the person she was making a mistake because I had just had supper with my daughter a few minutes earlier. “I dropped the call,” said Thabisa. Soon after, neighbours came and told Thabisa that her daughter had indeed been shot dead! “The moment they said she was dead, my mind stopped working,” said Thabisa. “All I could think was that we were having supper just minutes ago – and I did not know it was our last. “We are so shocked. She was a lovely person. She was outspoken when she did not like something,” said Thabisa. Nothing was taken from the dead woman, including cellphone and money. “My daughter died in her church uniform on the way back to her place. How could God allow evil people to kill her while wearing a church uniform? Why didn’t He protect her against those people, because it is clear that she was not being robbed,” said a hurt Thabisa. Nolukhanyo’s younger sister, Nolufefe Mtalana (24), said she had lost a sister and best friend. “It came as such a huge shock, even now. It never occurred to me my sister would leave the world like this,” she said. On Wednesday afternoon Nolukhanyo’s spirit was fetched by her family and fellow Methodist church members from the spot where she was killed, in Ntlangano Crescent. Provincial health MEC Dr Nomafrench Mbombo was also there and she wept with the family. Nolukhanyo’s uncle, Bongani Vuza (57), said: “We are here to take you home. This is not the place you should rest. Let us go home to where you belong.” Nyanga police spokesman Brigadier Vuyisile Ncatha said she was killed inside her red and black Toyota Aygo. “She was shot several times and died at the scene. Nothing was stolen, giving us reason to believe that it was a hit on her life,” he said.