THE HONOURABLE minister was ready to apologise for making a sign with his little finger in parliament. But the people were not impressed and they told him so. THEY HAVE COME OUT STRONGLY AND SHOWN HIM A SIGN INVOLVING THE MIDDLE FINGER! If comments on Facebook and Twitter are an indication of how people feel about the Home Affairs minister, it is clear the people are not ready to forgive Malusi Gigaba for his recent behaviour. Most comments advise him to grow up, while others call for his resignation. Yesterday Gigaba took to Twitter and apologised for making a gesture with his pinky finger at EFF MP Mbuyiseni Ndlozi. Gigaba’s gesture was interpreted to be referring to the size of Ndlozi’s penis. This was after Ndlozi suggested that President Cyril Ramaphosa should provide cabinet ministers with old cellphones. Ndlozi said: “Honourable President, you know this phone doesn’t have a camera. You may want to start ordering them for cabinet members, because it will save us from some embarrassing activities. It can’t be hacked.” Ndlozi was believed to be referring to Gigaba’s leaked sex tape. Gigaba claimed the clip, which has now been a massive hit on international porn sites, was released after his phone was hacked. This was during the parliament’s volatile sitting on Tuesday. In his Twitter apology, Gigaba said: “I apologise, unreservedly, for this gesture. The petty taunts that provoked it and the strain I have been taking over the past 10 days are no excuse for my indiscretion.” The EFF’s Floyd Shivambu said on Twitter: “A porn star sends a pornographic video of himself to a girlfriend and has the audacity to publicly lie that he was being romantic with his wife. “He comes to parliament to wave his little finger. What do we do now?” Shortly after Gigaba’s apology, social media went crazy. BareFacts_Expressionist? said: “Firstly, Gigaba’s action was not a mistake. It was premeditated. His apology is devoid of the truth.” Rinae?: “I honestly don’t care if they were discussing their pipi sizes at a club or whatever the gathering! I am upset that they are discussing such things in parliament, a house in which they are supposed to be discussing matters of national importance. MC: “Gigaba may have a big 4-5 but he is a small man. RESIGN!” Siphelele Mkhala: “We are sick and tired of this childish behaviour. Grow up, ndoda, izenzo zakho ziyakrokrisa, unemikhwa yobunja” – which means, “You are behaving like a dog.” Tracey McKay: “One more reason why CR should fire this man.”