THERE is a shortage of female athletes in track and field, but Athletics SA (ASA) hopes to see more women come to the fore. Olympic medallist Caster “Cobra” Semenya currently dominates world athletics, winning several big titles, but what will become of Mzansi athletics when she eventually hangs up her spikes? Gontse Morake of Athletics Gauteng North and Zinzi Chabangu of Central Gauteng Athletics (CGA) are two of the rising stars expected to fly the flag for the country in a sport that is usually dominated by men. Chabangu, the cousin of former South African long jump champion Patience Ntshingila, has taken the triple jump event by storm. Olympic silver medallist and four-time Olympian Khotso Mokoena has made the triple jump event his own, winning several titles. But the veteran jumper is happy that a new star, especially a female one, is doing well in the event. Chabangu and Mokoena were the big winners at the annual CGA Sports Awards on Saturday, scooping the Male and Female Athlete of the Year awards. It is a rare occurrence for the big awards to go to two athletes who specialise in the same discipline, let alone two triple jumpers! Chabangu received a standing ovation from the room that was packed of guests such as CGA president James Moloi, the energetic Gauteng Sport, Arts and Culture MEC Faith Mazibuko and ASA president Aleck Skhosana. The lanky Chabangu took part in the SA Senior Athletics Championships, the African Championships in Asaba, Nigeria, where she won a silver medal, and the IAAF Continental Cup held in Ostrava, Czech Republic. Next year, she hopes to fly the flag for her country at the IAAF World Championships in Doha, Qatar, and at the big one – the Olympic Games in Tokyo, Japan, in 2020. Said Chabangu: “This award is unexpected! I don’t do it for awards, so it came as a surprise. It has been a hectic year for me. Going to Nigeria was a highlight. “I started doing the triple jump in Grade 9 and fell in love with the event. It’s a complicated event with a lot of technicalities. I hope to gain enough support to go chase my Olympic dream.” The 22-year-old believes having a coach would help her achieve her goals. “With a little bit of help I can reach my full potential. I will never give up and will keep pushing – success will come.”