WHILE South Africans are psyching themselves up for Black Friday tomorrow, Bafana Bafana head coach Stuart Baxter is preparing himself for a bleak Christmas. There could be no Christmas pudding for the Scot as South Africa looks to him to ensure Bafana qualify for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) tournament to be held in Cameroon from 15 June to 13 July. In addition, the 65-year-old could find himself unemployed should he lose to Libya in their final Group E qualifier, which will be played on 22 March next year – a match that will determine which team joins Nigeria in qualifying. Baxter put up a brave face on Tuesday and declared that they would keep “fighting” in the “spirit of Madiba, who was a fighter and would have wanted us to qualify” for Afcon. He said this following their 1-1 draw with Paraguay in the 2018 Nelson Mandela Challenge. The teams shared the trophy after their stalemate at Durban’s iconic Moses Mabhida Stadium on Tuesday, a match that attracted a disappointing crowd considering it’s the national team. “If you want to say it for the occasion, Madiba would have been proud of the boys for the way they fought. He wanted people to work hard, stretch themselves and earn their money,” said Baxter. He will spend the coming weeks visiting overseas-based clubs as he tries to drum up support from the coaches of his players in Europe. “I will visit Lebo Mothiba’s club in France (Strasbourg), Portugal to see Luther Singh (SC Braga FC), Bongani Zungu’s Amiens (in France) and should be back in the country on 5 or 6 December. I will also visit local clubs for support, such as Pitso Mosimane and others.” It was Percy Tau who saved Baxter and the team from embarrassment when he scored a last-minute goal to cancel out Federico Santander’s 31st minute opener. Baxter remains resolute that Bafana, who just need to avoid defeat in Libya to qualify, will book their ticket to Africa’s premier competition. “I don’t think the game in Libya will be like the game against Paraguay, but we can learn from this one in terms of making quick decisions,” he explained. “Let us look at qualification for Cameroon rationally: The fact that there are three months until the game means we have to be active now. We have to try and organise some sort of practice matches.” He said the fact that they would be getting back six or seven players from injury was a big plus for him. He added: “They will need to be reintegrated back into the team.” He said the winning formula was to ensure they understood the structure of the team and the game plan. “The learning process is great. Going to Libya, we won’t give up. We’ll keep fighting and continue being aggressive. We have done it against Nigeria and Paraguay – very good teams ” He said most of South Africa’s players were well equipped with speed, which they needed to use to their advantage.