GOLDEN Arrows have set themselves the target of going into the festive break with a tally of 20 points. Arrows currently occupy 11th spot in the Absa Premiership table with 12 points from the same number of matches. Coach Clinton Larsen’s side will meet Kaizer Chiefs at Princess Magogo Stadium on 1 December, then tackle Bidvest Wits, and meet AmaZulu on 22 December in their last match prior to the Christmas break. “Our aim is to fight to get to 18 or 20 points before we close for Christmas break,” said Larsen. “If we end up with that many points it will make it easier for us to fight for the top eight in the second round of the season. It won’t be easy to get the points, though, as we have tough matches ahead, but we are ready for the challenge. I believe in my team.” He added: “We play Chiefs – everyone knows them. It won’t be an easy one but my boys love to play big teams. Wits have been doing well this season and are one of the favourites to win the PSL title again under coach Gavin Hunt, and then we have the KwaZulu-Natal derby. So I am sure people understand why I’m saying we face three tough games. But we will be ready for these clashes.” Abafana Bes’thende will have almost three weeks off before their next encounter with the Soweto giants due to the Fifa break and the ongoing Telkom Knockout. “We have 20 days before the Chiefs game,” said the former Bloemfontein Celtic mentor. “We’re using these days to work on our final third, which has been a concern for many PSL teams. We create chances, we just cannot convert them. We are working on our final touches and composure. Hopefully we will get it right in our last three games.” Larsen hopes left-back Divine Lunga, who has been out injured, will be available for selection. The last time the 23-year-old played for Arrows was in their 1-0 win over rookies Black Leopards in a league match two months ago. Since then, Larsen has rotated his players, with the likes of Siyanda Zwane, Frank Motebejane and Nkosinathi Sibisi trying to plug the gap.