AGE is really nothing but a number for Calvyn Fortuin. This is because the 79-year-old madala has the strength of a young man. Madala is a body builder and said asking him to stop would be like asking the birds to stop flying. Residents of Heidedal kasi in Mangaung said they felt safe as madala is physically strong. Calvyn is the only one who still participates in body building competitions at his age. He has a home gym, where he helps the youth. When the SunTeam arrived at his home, Calvyn was busy pumping iron. He showed off his strength by lifting 90kg weights using only his feet, while lying on his back. Johnnie van Wyk (41) said he was half madala’s age, but not nearly as strong. “We have gangsters and a drug problem in our kasi, but our section is safer because of madala. This is because everyone is scared of him. We all love him and are proud of him,” said Johnnie. Calvyn said he looked forward to turning 80 next August. He said at 80 years old, he wanted to have the same body building pace he had when he was 14. “I fell in love with heavy weight lifting when I was 14 years old after I saw a strong man. “My father was a builder and he made me something I could lift using cement. I started buying books about body building and the passion grew,” he said. He said the first title he won was the Free State title in 1964. “I defended the title for three years in a row. In 1968, I entered for the Northern Cape title, which had never been won by someone outside the province since 1948. “But I won it and became both Mr Free State and Northern Cape at the same time, which had never happened. I managed to defend the Northern Cape title until 1971,” said Calvyn. He said his six brothers played rugby, but started drinking alcohol after they retired from the sport. “They have all died and I am the only one left. I don’t drink and have never smoked. I have won many titles and participated in Mr Universe in London, where I won a bronze medal. “I still enter competitions and I am the only 79-year-old in the over 50 category. “I want to continue to help the youth, which is faced with drugs and gangs,” he said. Calvyn recently won a Free State and Northern Cape trophy.