FORMER Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder Sammy Troughton believes Black Leopards made the right decision by appointing Dylan Kerr as their new head coach. The appointment of Kerr, who previously coached Kenyan giants Gor Mahia, was announced by the Venda side on Monday, in place of Joel Masutha who resigned last week. Troughton knows Kerr very well, as he played with him at Arcadia Shepherds in 1986 and the Malta-born mentor worked as Troughton’s assistant at Mpumalanga Black Aces, Thanda Royal Zulu FC and Nathi Lions. “Dylan is a great guy, I’ve known him for many years and we kept in touch even when he left the country to play in Europe,” said Troughton. “He is a very enthusiastic guy who wanted to learn all the time when he was my assistant. I am not surprised to see him doing so well in his coaching career.” He added: “I am shocked to hear some people say he is new to the country and inexperienced. That is not true. He knows this country very well and has good coaching experience. Leopards made a good decision to appoint him.” The 51-year-old former midfielder for English Championship sides Sheffield Wednesday, Reading FC and Leeds United, has coached in Vietnam, Tanzania and Kenya. He has won two Kenyan Premier League titles with Gor Mahia. “He has a good knowledge of football and travel in this country,” explained Troughton. “All Leopards need to do is to give him the necessary tools and he will deliver for them.” But during the conversation Troughton had with Kerr before he signed with Lidoda Duvha on Monday, he was honest with the former coach of Tanzania’s Simba Sports Club . “I spoke with him and told him that this is going to be different to Kenya,” said Troughton. “He is used to fighting for the championship – this time it’s relegation. Leopards fans want results now, they want to see their team move away from the relegation zone. But I think Leopards suit him well as they play attacking football.” Kerr was introduced to the players yesterday. He has to get the team going before their next league clash with Bidvest Wits at Thohoyandou Stadium on 1 December.Their clash with Mamelodi Sundowns next week was postponed due to Downs’ Caf Champions League commitments.