HIT – OR MISS! The day has finally arrived for Banyana Banyana to claim their glory and qualify for the 2019 Fifa World Cup in France from 7 June to 7 July. This has been coach Desiree Ellis and SA Football Association (Safa) Danny Jordaan’s big dream – to see Banyana qualify for the biggest women’s football tournament in the world. They are now just 90-odd minutes away from realising their dream and booking their ticket to France, where they will rub shoulders with the best in the world. But first Banyana must dribble their way past Mali, their opponents in the semifinal of the Africa Women’s Cup of Nations at Ghana’s Cape Coast Stadium tonight (8.30pm SA time) Victory will see them qualify for their first World Cup, but defeat will see them run the risk of missing out, as they will have to negotiate their way through the third/fourth place play-offs. Only the top three teams at the tournament will qualify for the global event. All eyes will be on Banyana’s Thembi Kgatlana, the tournament’s leading goal-scorer with four goals in three matches. She is Banyana’s real hope as they strive to reach the World Cup. And then there are shining stars Leandra Smeda, Refiloe Jane, Linda Motlhalo, Amanda Mthandi, Mpumi Nyandeni and Jermaine Seoposenwe, who are all more than capable of causing an upset. Banyana midfielder Mamello Makhabane, who revealed that this could be her last opportunity to play on the global stage, told SunSport that she never thought of giving up even in difficult times when she was injured. Although somewhat injury-prone she always proves herself when given the opportunity to show her mettle in the national team. Makhabane sustained a hamstring injury after the Olympic Games in Brazil late in 2016 that saw her miss action for the entire 2017. Prior to that in 2012, a few months before the London Olympics, she also suffered a groin injury. She said: “I have not had an easy journey, I’m grateful I have made it this far. “The injuries have been frustrating but I never felt like giving up – I want to achieve my goal of seeing our national team go to World Cup.” She said they would do whatever it takes to defeat equally ambitious Mali. But Mali will not be easy prey, especially after seeing off hosts Ghana, booting them 2-1 defeat, with Mali’s Bassira Toure the queen of the jungle. In the other semi, Cameroon will clash with Nigeria at Accra Sports Stadium this afternoon.  