The Johannesburg International Comedy Festival (JICF) is back and more than 40 comedic acts have been confirmed to perform. The four-day festival will see all the comedians perform in seven separate shows to give nothing short of a feast of world-class, side-splitting funny comedy. JICF is the biggest festival of its kind on the African continent and promises to be even bigger as it enters its third year. Local, pan-African and international comedians will descend on the City of Gold from the 14th of March 2019 to the 17th of March 2019. All the action will go down at the Nelson Mandela and The Fringe Theatres at the festival’s new home, the famed Joburg Theatre in Braamfontein. Of the international acts expected to perform at the festival, the UK’s Dane Baptiste, Britain’s Got Talent finalist, Daliso Chaponda, and the finest comedian performing in the United Arab Emirates, Ali Al Sayed have been confirmed in the first wave. More international acts are to be confirmed over the next few weeks. Alongside them will be some of Mzansi’s premier comedians: Loyiso Gola, John Vlismas, Tumi Morake, Conrad Koch with Chester Missing, Kagiso Lediga, and Schalk Bezuidenhout with more to be announced in due course. In keeping with its commitment to providing a platform for young and exciting talent, JICF is proud to provide Tsitsi Chiumya, KG Mokgadi and Prins with their debut showings at the festival. “I’m thrilled to announce the return of the Johannesburg International Comedy Festival. While we’ve been away – all sorts of craziness has gone down and the world has continued to be a funny place. What better way to laugh at all the goings-on than to do so with some of the funniest men and women performing in comedy today,” said Founder and Director of JICF, Takunda Bimha.  The lineup of Festival shows so far is as follows:   Stand Up Africa - hosted by Tumi Morake (South Africa)A laugh out loud comedy show featuring the best comedians from all over Africa.Nelson Mandela Stage, Joburg TheatreSaturday, 16 March 2019 at 18h30 Fire In The Hole - hosted by John Vlismas (South Africa)A no-holds-barred comedy show that will be too raw for television and will carry an age restriction of 21.Nelson Mandela Stage, Joburg TheatreSaturday, 16 March 2019 at 21h00 One Night Stands - An intimate comedy experience with your favourite local comedians flying solo. Featuring:Loyiso Gola - UnlearningThe Fringe, Joburg TheatreFriday, 15 March 209 at 19h00Schalk Bezuidenhout - Snorseun (Show in Afrikaans)The Fringe, Joburg TheatreSaturday, 16 March 2019 at 17h30 “We are very excited to be turning three with another giant celebration of comedy and hope to create the most compelling festival yet for our patrons.  We cannot wait for audiences to experience the exciting lineup of comedians that we have assembled, the shows will be on fire,” Takunda continued. For more information on the various show times, lineups and comedians, visit www.jicf.co.za. Tickets range from R 150 to R 250 and are now available at www.joburgtheatre.com or by calling 0861 670 670. 