BAROKA FC will face one of Africa’s most feared teams, Mamelodi Sundowns, without their head coach Wedson Nyirenda, who has gone back home in Zambia to prepare for his mother’s funeral. Assistant Matsimela Thopa will stand in for him when they host the Brazilians at Polokwane’s Peter Mokaba Stadium tomorrow (3pm). Thopa, who will be running the bench on his own for the first time since he was appointed assistant coach, told SunSport that he couldn’t wait to test his charges’ prowess against the 2016 African champions and reigning Absa Premiership kings. “I am so excited to be in charge in the PSL for the first time in my life,” said he 43-year-old. “Such opportunities don’t come every day – to run the bench against a big team like Sundowns. “I am also looking forward to face the most successful and most qualified coach in the PSL in Pitso Mosimane. I am still young and hope to learn a lot from this game. I can’t wait for this big test.” He reckons his players don’t need any extra motivation that the mere knowledge that they’re facing Sundowns, and says “they know what to do”. He added: “All the players are excited about this clash and ready for Sundowns.” Thopa, head coach of Baroka’s MultiChoice Diski Challenge team, said all his players were available for selection. “They all want to play in this game and that is what gives us confidence that we can get a positive result. Anything is possible in football.” But to upset Mosimane’s Downs, Baroka’s Collins Makgaka, Goodman Mosele, Mduduzi Mdantsane and Talent Chawapiwa need to be bring their A-game against the smooth-sailing side featuring Themba Zwane, Gaston Sirino, Andile Jali and Lebohang Maboe. Hlompho Kekana will sit this one out due to suspension. Bakgaga need to guard against 27-year-old Sirino from Uruguay, who has been in good form this season and has netted in two consecutive matches for Downs – the 1-0 win against Bloemfontein Celtic which helped them advance to this competition’s Last 8 and the 1-0 win against Chippa United in the league. It remain to be seen if Mosimane will play Jali, who is currently out on bail following domestic problems.