The queen of talk and media mogul, Oprah Winfrey is in South Africa for the culmination of Nelson Mandela’s centenary celebrations which have taken place throughout 2018. In addition to delivering the keynote speech at Sunday's Global Citizen Festival: Mandela 100, Oprah also gave a powerful speech at this afternoon’s Is’thunzi Sabafazi event. The event, held at the University of Johannesburg, was held with the purpose of celebrating Madiba’s legacy and creating a caring society. As the keynote at Is’thunzi Sabafazi as well, Oprah spoke about why it is that she has been to Mzansi so many times. She began by explaining why she is here this time around. “I have to tell you, I am here because Graça Machel called me several weeks ago and said will you come and help us celebrate Madiba’s centennial anniversary birthday,” she began. “I was just thinking last night [that] this is my 36th visit to SA. I have been here 36 time and I keep coming back because I love this country and I love its people. [I am here] to celebrate the birth of opportunity, the birth of hope, the birth of freedom, the birth of Nelson Mandela. He was my favourite mentor because he was a man who could’ve sought revenge, but instead he sought reconciliation. He was a man who could have, and had every right to, hate his oppressors. But instead he hated their policies,” she continued. Oprah went on to speak about the incredible power of Madiba and what his legacy is. “And he was a man who could have actually crushed his opponents with his power, but instead he chose to defeat them without ever dishonouring them. He was a man who could’ve been filled with bitterness but instead of fueling himself with rage for the years that were taken from him and the pain that he endured in prison for 27 years as most of us would have been filled with rage and anger and fury, he filled himself with gratitude for the lessons that he learned and for the friendships that he forged, even in prison. He was a man [who], because of those 27 years, was not allowed to raise his children, but instead he raised the nation, and our world and South Africa in particular is the better for it,” she said. The television icon shared a fond memory of when she first met Madiba and when she first stayed at his house in Qunu. “I met Madiba when he came to the United States and it was like coming home. And I have to say that I had decided that I was going to do something for South Africa the year I was building my home in Los Angeles. I started to think about what is the ideal thing to do for Christmas was since I [couldn’t] be in the house (was still under construction) and have the Christmas I wanted. And I started thinking about when I was growing up poor with my mother,” she went on. Oprah spoke about what it was like growing up poor at Christmas time in Mississippi with no gifts and no interesting tale to tale her school mates about the holidays. “That night around midnight, three nuns showed up at our home and the nuns brought us (her brother, sister and herself) toys. But the real gift that the nuns gave us, was allowing me to see for myself that we were not forgotten and I never forgot it. So this Christmas, in 2002, I decided [that] since I couldn’t get in my own house and have the Christmas that I want, what would be the ideal Christmas. I thought of Madiba, I thought of SA and I made a decision to come to SA and do something I call “Christmas Kindness”,” she said. The former Oprah Winfrey Show host spoke about how she flew 50 people from the US to Mzansi, and then hired 50 more people here in SA to deliver toys and books to children in South Africa. “And Nelson Mandela hears about these plans and he says ‘you must stay at my home, Graça and I want you to stay at our home’. I said to Stedman Graham, my life partner, ‘OMG, Nelson Mandela has invited us to stay at his house. What am I gonna do? Who stays at anybody’s house for 10 days and nights? I don’t have 10 days and nights’ worth of conversation. I don’t know what I can say’,” Oprah recalled. But she took him on his offer and says it was the best thing that could’ve ever happened to her. “It is the glory of…the most amazing, fantastical thing that has ever happened to me of all the things that have ever happened in my life. I got 10 days and nights and 29 meals with Nelson Mandela and Graça Machel. And every night I’d sit at dinner, I’d sit at his right hand side and he would talk about life, and his years in prison, and his experiences. I wanted to take note, sit at dinner with a notepad and take notes but I didn’t. But what I learned in those 10 days and nights and 29 meals, was that his goodness, his integrity, his soul couldn’t be contained in a 7x9 foot cell. Even now his spirit lives. Nelson Mandela passed five years ago and sometimes it feels like it was forever ago, and sometimes it feels like it happened a few weeks ago,” she said. She ended off the segment with how she feels about the passing of the late, great, Nelson Mandela. “Sitting at his funeral, I could sense and feel that I didn’t think that he had passed away from us, instead it felt like he was passing through us. Because we are Mandela’s children, and we are his legacy. The spirit of him abides with every man, every woman who listens with humility, everyone who says yes to breaking down a barrier and not to putting up a wall, who educates rather than retaliates. He is with us every single time somebody, somewhere, casts a vote for democracy and casts a vote for freedom, he lives,” she preached.  