"I’m not Nelson Mandela. If you push me, I push back." These were the words of Julius Malema addressing his supporters outside the Brooklyn Police station on Tuesday. EFF gathered outside the Brooklyn Police station where their leaders have opened a case against minister Pravin Gordhan. Introducing Malema, EFF deputy president Floyd Shivambu said that “I’m introducing the incoming president of South Africa”. "We are here to open a case against the corrupt Pravin Gordhan and his daughter," said Malema. He said he has given police evidence of Gordhan's corruption. "Pravin opened an account in Canada and he encouraged people to put money in that account if they had problems at SARS. “We gave the police the account number and the name of the bank account Gordhan opened in Canada. “I’ve also have a list of people who put money into that account and they are prepared to testify in court, if they are granted indemnity,” Malema told his supports. He also said Gordhan had established an illegal intelligence unit at SARS when he was commissioner there and that by doing that, he had breached the country’s intelligence. He said the charges Gordhan opened against him were "useless". Malema added that many people came to him and said they had different meetings with Pravin at Investec, where his daughter worked. He repeated his words that “Pravin is a dog of the White monopoly capital” and invited the cops to come and arrest him for that. “We have opened a case against Anisha for fronting. All of
this is not a witch hunt, it is a fight against corruption and not a fight against Indians,” said Malema. He told those who call themselves members of the EFF and say they are disappointed by the EFF’s action against Gordhan should take their votes elsewhere because they don’t understand the EFF. Malema said the analysis that he is like Donald Trump is lazy because he hase been in politics even before Donald Trump. Malema accused Sunday Times of being racist. “And they keep pushing. I am not Mandela, if you push
then I will push back. He said EFF must start taking roll call in EFF events, as
they do not want Sunday Times journalists. “They have taken a political
decision and they cannot expect us not to take political decisions. “When we expose the inconsistencies of the media, we are
not attacking them,” he said. Gordhan also went to the Brooklyn police station in Pretoria East on Monday to lay three charges against EFF leader Julius Malema. Gordhan has strongly denied that his daughter did business with the State.   