HAVE you ever put your diet through a spring cleaning? Now’s your chance! When you clean your meals, you take a break from all the rich, heavy and fried food and focus on what’s light, healthy and tasty. To keep your taste buds tantalised Ocean Basket have added to their menu. Starting the new selection is Fritto Misto. It’s a perfect platter for two that has prawns, calamari and hake covered in light golden batter, a zesty lemon squeeze, fresh salad, chips and two tangy dips. From the meze menu, choose between the Venus platter – heaps of fresh calamari, salmon bites, halloumi, crisp potato rosti, crunchy salad and two tasty sauces or share the Jupiter platter. The platter is stacked with Mediterranean rice balls, calamari heads, tender halloumi, hake goujons, salad and a spicy dipping sauce. Salads are a must in the heat and there are three brand new ones: the Mediterranean prawn bowl is full of queen prawns lightly coated with sesame seeds and accompanied by a new flatbread and crispy salad. The veg bowl is heaped with roasted vegetables and halloumi cheese, topped with Mediterranean salsa and rocket. The third is a salmon bowl with rice, fresh salmon, avocado, carrots, baby marrows, nori and a sweet soy dressing. Offering great lunch or light dinner meals are the rustic new flatbreads. Enjoy the smoked trout flatbread topped with tzatziki, trout ribbons, Mediterranean salsa and rocket. The queen prawn flatbread is topped with sesame-coated queen prawns, avocado, Mediterranean salsa and rocket. For starters, the potato rosti is the way to go – potato cakes topped with tzatziki, tarama and Mediterranean salsa, sprinkled with lemon and spring onion. Need a dessert? Summer calls for ice-cream sandwiches. There is hazelnut or tangy lemon ice cream caught between two crunchy meringue biscuits. Ocean Basket also has a new shop in Centurion Mall you can try out. Get treated by the fabulous owner, Tom Visser during the holidays! , The summer special is simple: Buy any seafood-sharing platter and two starters – meze OR desserts – and you automatically get a free R100 spending voucher for a host of popular stores including Mangwanani, Travel Start, Sunglass Hut, Takealot and Zando. All diners need to do is send an image of their till slips to the restaurant’s WhatsApp number – sushi platters and dessert milkshakes are excluded. Winners get to choose their prizes instantly. The promotion ends 9 December and the winning vouchers expire about a month later. For more information visitwww.oceanbasket.co.za