House music powerhouse, Heavy K has taken to his social media pages to clear the air on confusion around a very expensive early birthday gift to himself. Last week, Heavy K announced that he had purchased an AMG S 63, which according to Mercedes-Benz retails for over R2.7 million. The DJ and producer was in a celebratory mood, saying “When God says yes nobody can say NO”. He also thanked his fans for making his life what it is today. “Reason everything been so possible it is because of each & every one of you who bought my music or tickets to shows! This your contribution! Don't ever stop” he said. But this left a very bitter taste in many people’s mouths. Social media users questioned Heavy K as to how it was possible that just two weeks ago, he was allegedly asking for the nation to help him raise R2m for his special needs child and now he went and spent that same amount on a luxury vehicle. Earlier this month, TshisaLive reported the producer, whose real name is Mkhululi Siqula, as being in the process of getting help for his first son and was in dire need for funds. It was reported that his son is suffering from cerebral palsy. Now that Heavy K has made this pretty hefty purchase, fans are looking for answers. But according to him, the whole fundraising story was complete fabrication. “Get your facts straight baba I did not do such! Ain't a charity case even if I was I got people who I would call or contact without that,” he said to one critic. He went on to say that people should not believe everything they read in the papers. “Problem [with] you guys [is that you] believe every s**t you read on tabloids! When & where did I ask for donations? I've been getting calls from different people to help! & told them I'm alright like I am for real! All I said was! I've put 2m together so that I can take my boy overseas,” he said. The producer received so much flack that he has since created a Twitter thread explaining the whole situation. “I did not need any donations I rejected every person who wanted to donate even my millionaire friends & my office did the same,” the thread begins. He then blamed the media for the confusion. “At this point I think it's just better I don't open to media about my personal life just like before because is either they write lies about me or write the opposite from what I initially told them so people I've worked so hard to put money together without anyone's help,” he said.  