MANY Mzansi shoppers already know what they want and will be queuing at the break of dawn. Online shoppers will have a range of goodies set up and ready to click checkout. According to this year’s Black Friday Survey conducted by My Broadband, 81% of those asked said they are planning to shop on Black Friday but most revealed that they are planning to spend less than R5 000. “The problem is that you can easily get carried away with all the deals on offer, said John Manyike, head of Financial Education at Old Mutual. “There’s risk of overspending and buying items you don’t really need unless you have a strict budget.” According to a recent study by World Wide Worx, online shopping makes up only 1,4% of total retail revenue in South Africa – much less than the global figure of 13%. This highlights South Africa’s fascination with mall culture. “We tend to rely on malls for entertainment, retail and social interaction, especially during holidays. For many, Black Friday is the start of the end-of-year spending spree.” He said that people need to shop with caution. Proper planning and a budget is important to avoid unwanted debt. Practical Black Friday survival tips Make a list with only needed items before the sales start. The list will help you to focus on what discounts you should be looking for. It is very easy to be tempted on the day so avoid impulse purchases by sticking to your list! A budget is essential to not overspend but only if you obey it. Make sure your budget is realistic. If you can’t afford to buy anything on Black Friday, stay away from the shopping malls and online stores on that day. With Christmas right around the corner, you should be feeling “Janu-worry” fast approaching too. Get a head start and save money on your back-to-school shopping. Again, be smart about what you’re buying and know what you’re looking for. Check your priorities. Black Friday is a good opportunity to buy non-perishable household items that you know you will always need and that won’t go off. Stock up on cleaning products and toiletries while they’re on discount. It can save you money on monthly spending. While buying on credit could be helpful getting hold on needed items, it carries the temptation to use it to buy clutter at a greatly inflated cost. If you can’t avoid the seductive call of credit, cancel it. Cancel your idling cards and accounts – they are just costing you money with useless fees. Whether or not you plan to shop on Black Friday, make sure your phone’s SMS notifications are active and report any suspicious transactions to your bank immediately – card scammers and other fraudsters are also shopping for great discounts on Black Friday. Only use your details at reputable online stores but make sure the address is correct and has an S in the https//!