YOU have to go as far back as 2011 to find the last South African runner to win the Old Mutual Soweto Marathon men’s race. That honour belongs to Michael Mazibuko, who made Mzansi proud that year. Irvette van Zyl, meanwhile, broke the foreign stranglehold last year when she won the race in 2:41:06, the first local woman across the line since 2009. But the wait continues for the men, while one win in nine years will not please the women either! All eyes will be on Ntsindiso Mphakathi on Sunday, South Africa’s biggest hope at this year’s marathon. Mphakathi, who secured third place to become the highest South African finisher in the top 10 at last year’s edition, is expected to win the race and claim the R250 000 purse. Pressure is the name of the game, but the 28-year-old Nedbank Running Club athlete insists that he is as cool as a cucumber. The popular township marathon starts and finishes at the home of the Fifa 2010 World Cup, the FNB Stadium. The first runners will set off on Sunday at 6am. The modest athlete said he knew the route like the palm of his hand and is eager to become the first South African male runner home in seven years. The gruelling 42,2km race starts at 6am, followed by the 21,1km at 6.30am, while the casual runners hit the streets 30 minutes later. Much is expected from Mphakathi and he has vowed to end the foreign dominance. He will face a daunting challenge from 2015 and 2016 back-to-back winner Sintayehu Legese Yinesu of Ethiopia as well as last year’s champion, Tsepo Mathibele of Lesotho. Said Mphakathi: “I can cope with the pressure. My preparations are done, I’m taking it easy now. I do 30-minute jogs. I want to make the country proud and I’m up for the challenge.” The marathon is one of the toughest in the country as 50% of its route is made up of hills. Mphakathi said: “From Kliptown to Jabulani, all the way to Vilakazi Street, it’s a tough route. But it gets even tougher when you approach New Canada – that is the part that needs experience.” “This race depends on the amount of strength you have when you climb hills. I’ve worked on that aspect of my training. I’m ready to conquer the hills and bring the title home.” About 30 000 enthusiastic runners are expected to line up in the streets of Soweto to race for glory. More than R1 million water sachets will be provided to runners so they can cool down at the various water points along the route.