YOU’D think Desiree Ellis would be wallowing in the excitement of Banyana Banyana’s biggest win of her tenure. But perhaps it is a measure of Ellis’ ambition that she maintains her team can do better, despite them completing a 7-1 demolition job against Equatorial Guinea in midweek. South Africa put the Guineans to the sword as they continued their fine performances in the 2018 Africa Women’s Cup of Nations. They now lead their Group B with six points from two matches and are in a good position to qualify for the semifinals, which will be played next week. As things stands, Banyana needs at least a draw to finish top of their group and face runners-up in Group A in the semis of the tournament, which also serves as a qualifier for the 2019 Fifa Women’s World Cup. However, Ellis, a former Banyana player, feels her players should have scored more goals in the first half against the Equatorial Guinea “whipping girls”, who have now conceded 12 goals in just two games. “There’s always room for improvement, you can be satisfied with the result but you’ll never be satisfied with performance,” said Ellis.“You always have to be better and improve because it’s going to get tougher as tournament continues “We conceded a silly goal and it became a battle. It could have scored more in the first half.Banyana’s last group match will be against Zambia at Accra Stadium on Saturday (6pm, SA time). Ellis has warmed her players to avoid complacency instead they should improve each and every game they play. She continued: “We won’t take our foot off the pedal. The next game is Zambia we will put a plan together and we have played them enough to know a lot about them.  We watched two of their matches going to their match we will need to execute the plan.” I’m the past two games Ellis has given most of her squad game time and they fitted in perfectly as some came from the bench and made huge impact scoring goals. “It is also important to give all the players a chance because you will never know when you will need them. You have to be prepared and have plan A, B and C. We don’t want to take any chances.”