Banyana Banyana coach Desiree Ellis admits that it was a difficult task to select the final 21-player squad for the Africa Women Cup of Nations (AWCON), with two uncapped players. The tournament is scheduled to take -lace in Ghana from 17 November until 1 December. University of Johannesburg striker Amanda Mthandi and defender Tiisetso Makhubela of Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies were the two new faces in the squad that are part of the team that is expected to finish the tournament in top three in order to qualify for next years Women's Fifa World Cup in France. Ellis also selected four players to be on stand-by Kholosa Biyana, Rachel Sebati, Thato Letsoso and Hilda Magaia. Banyana will jet off on Friday to Ghana ahead of an international friendly against the host nation on 11November. TYhe four stand-by players will travel and return home after the international friendly match against Ghana on Sunday. Ellis said: “It was a difficult task to pin down the final 21 players as they all raised their hands to show how much they want to be part of this magnificent team. "But I am confident that the players we have chosen will do the business for South Africa. Too many times we have close to winning the tournament and I think with the preparations we have had, we feel ready for the competition." Banyana were been drawn in Group B against defending champions Nigeria, Kenya and Zambia. They will open her account with a clash against the Super Falcons on 18 November, followed by an encounter against Kenya three days later (21 November). Both matches will be played at Cape Coast.For the final match, Ellis and her charges will travel to the capital Accra to face Zambia on 24 November.South Africa will be making their 12th appearance at the tournament.Banyana need to finish in the top three of the tournament to qualify for the Women’s World Cup next year in France. Banyana Banyana SquadGoalkeepers: Andile Dlamini, Kaylin Swart, Roxanne Barker.Defenders: Lebogang Ramalepe, Nothando Vilakazi, Janine van Wyk (captain), Noko Matlou, Bambanani Mbane, Tiisetso Makhubela, Koketso Tlailane.Midfielders: Kgaelebane Mohlakoana, Mamello Makhabane, Leandra Smeda, Nompumelelo Nyandeni, Linda Motlhalo, Busisiwe Ndimeni, Refiloe Jane.Strikers: Jermaine Seoposenwe, Thembi Kgatlana, Melinda Kgadiete, Amanda Mthandi.Banyana Group Matches (SA times)18 November: Nigeria (5.30pm), Cape Coast21 November: Kenya (8.30pm), Cape Coast24 November: Zambia (6pm), Accra Stadium