KAIZER Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas could be dealt a massive blow this weekend as he might be forced to plan for the Telkom Knockout semifinal showdown with traditional enemies Orlando Pirates without the services of Ramahlwe Mphahlele. Mphahlele suffered a groin strain on Tuesday while on national duty for Bafana Bafana when they played to a 1-1 draw with Paraguay in the Nelson Mandela Challenge at Moses Mabhida Stadium. Mphahlele has been instrumental to Chiefs’ defence and attack, and it would cause much frustration should the 28-year-old from Limpopo be ruled out for this important Soweto derby that has attracted a capacity crowd in Durban. Bafana coach Stuart Baxter confirmed that the last word on whether Mphahlele can play at the weekend lies with the national team’s medical team, who will send a report to his club before the end of this week. “Rama got a slight strain,” said Baxter. “We tried to show respect to the clubs with regard to the load of the players – in a perfect world we would have pulled off the players set to play in the derby earlier and rest them. But this is the national team, we can’t do that. We can’t win popularity contests, we have to try and win games for the nation.” He said as soon as he noticed, he pulled Mphahlele aside and told him, as he was walking up for the second half, that “if you feel anything, you’re coming off, and he did”. Added Baxter: “He overstrained himself and he came off. It is now up to the medics to give a full medical report to Chiefs and they will reassess him. But in general, all the players seem okay – no other injuries.” Mphahlele told SunSport yesterday that he was still feeling some pain but that it was not as severe as it was on Tuesday. “I will treat it once I am at the club with guidance from the medics,” said Mphahlele. “This is an important derby, I want to play on Saturday. But that will depend on my recovery and the extent of the injury. I am hoping for the best.” This comes just as Solinas thought everything was set for the derby and everybody was on board. Joseph Molangoane is still injured, though, while Lebogang Manyama has started training and could be thrown into the deep end against Pirates. Also back from injury are Khama Billiat and Leonardo Castro.