PICK n Pay’s Smart Shopper has been named South Africa’s top loyalty programme. Recognised by the Sunday Times 2018 Top Brands Awards for the sixth consecutive year, it was launched in March 2011 to reward loyal shoppers. Today, the programme has over seven million active customers. John Bradshaw, head of marketing at Pick n Pay, said that Smart Shopper’s priority has and always will be to offer real benefits and value in a changing retail and economic environment. “Everything we do is based on customer feedback. Customers have told us they love the innovations we’ve introduced over time and we will continue to improve and innovate the programme based on their input.” Alongside good pricing and focused promotions, the Smart Shopper programme provided greater personalised value for customers with the introduction of Just for You discounts last year. The programme has also improved its accessibility to make it easier, simpler and faster for customers to maximise their rewards. Customers can now switch and spend their points at the till without using the in-store kiosks or PnP mobile app. Cashiers now prompt customers who have accumulated more than R5 if they’d like to use their points to pay towards their purchase, although customers can pay with any amount they have on their registered Smart Shopper card. “Since we launched this yesterday, we’ve already seen a 400% increase in customers switching their points if we compare to this time last year. This is something customers really wanted from our programme and based on the overwhelming response, customers are already experiencing the value of this enhancement.” Our new features include allowing customers to load their discounts on their Smart Shopper card with the app or email. Cardless swipe now means that customers no longer need to carry their Smart Shopper card. Customers who forgot their card at home or choose to go card-less, can now simply scan the QR code from the Pick n Pay mobile app at the till point. Later this year, Smart Shoppers should be able to earn points when they refuel at BP service stations.