The massive storms over Mzansi’s inland provinces are apparently not out of the ordinary for this time of the year. Several areas have been hit by heavy rain and hail storms over the past few days, leaving homes and crops damaged. Residents from various kasis reported trees falling on top of their cars and houses. Shacks were seen flying and some residents’ windows and walls were damaged. Emergency Management Services have been working tirelessly to assist the stranded residents, but little could be done to save cars, shacks and some schools in the south of Joburg. Two schools in Ennerdale saw roofs being blown off, while shacks in Orange Farm went flying like paper jets and some were flattened by falling trees. Nhlanhla Zwane told Daily Sun: “A strong wind started blowing at about 4pm, followed by rain. A number of shacks were destroyed but the scariest incident was when we witnessed a shack flying over other roofs. “We’re glad to be safe,” she said. Gauteng EMS spokesman Robert Mulaudzi said officials attended to two incidents in which roofs were blown off by the heavy wind in Soweto. In Fine Town, Ennerdale, a 26-year-old resident was injured after a wall fell on him. “He received medical assistance and was later taken to a nearby hospital,” said Mulaudzi. “A Toyota Fortuna was crushed by a tree in Orange Grove tree but the driver survived.” He said no incidents were reported in low lying areas. “Disaster management teams are monitoring all seven areas of the city, including squatter camps, “ said Mulaudzi. Senior weather forecaster Dipuo Tawana said a cut-off low pressure system over the central interior had resulted in showers and thunderstorms over the eastern provinces. The situation is expected to continue until this morning over Limpopo, Mpumalanga, Gauteng and KZN. The western interior is expected to experience clear weather from today. She said an alert for severe thunderstorms was issued for Mpumalanga, Limpopo and northern KZN. “Be prepared as the thunderstorms we are expecting might produce strong winds and localised flooding.”