MAPASEKA “Speedster” Makhanya’s dispute with Massmart Running Club has resulted in her missing the Old Mutual Soweto Marathon at the FNB Stadium today. The dispute between the two parties has reached boiling point and Makhanya’s sponsorship with the club has been terminated. Makhanya and 2018 Comrades Marathon women’s champion Ann Ashworth, who is Massmart’s official, are now trading unpleasant words in the media. Massmart say they terminated the Soweto-born runner’s contract due to poor performance and won’t give Makhanya her running clearance so she can be able to join another running club. They claim Makhanya has not returned their discount shopping card where she earned a 15% discount at Makro and Games stores, running watch and gear. Makhanya says Massmart and Ashworth are just bitter. She says Ashworth is a bully who thinks she’s bigger than the sport since winning the Comrades title in June. Makhanya said: “Ann thinks that since winning the Comrades everything revolves around her. She has a personal vendetta against me. She terminated my contract and promised to give me my clearance, but didn’t. “She’s trying to dent my image and has no right to hold on to my clearance, I want it. Ann is just full of drama and is doing this to grab my attention.” Makhanya says she will only return Massmart’s stuff when she feels like it, and not by Ashworth’s instructions, as she doesn’t answer to her. Makhanya added: “I won’t entertain her. I donated the watch. I don’t owe them anything. I’ll return their gear at my own time.” Ashworth insists Makhanya has to return their material as her contract states, or they will be forced to take the legal route. Ashworth said: “Makhanya took a running watch that belongs to the club. We want our stuff. I’m tired of her attitude and her behaviour. What she is saying is rubbish. I’m very upset with her. She does whatever she wants without caring. She doesn’t want to take part in team activities. I just want the branded gear, it’s not hers it belongs to Massmart.” Ashworth said she has not spoken to Makhanya for three months and that she won’t shake hands with her as their feud is irreconcilable. Central Gauteng Athletics (CGA) have the power to resolve the feud, if the parties fail to reach an amicable agreement. CGA president James Moloi said: “Massmart have written to us. We will do our best to sort the situation out. We’re still looking into the matter.”