KAIZER Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas says his players will need to show character, mental strength, consistency – and have some balls to make up it to their fans after losing the Soweto derby. The Italian mentor told the media in Naturena yesterday that he was still hurt after his side suffered a humiliating 2-1 defeat to rivals Orlando Pirates in an Absa Premiership match at FNB Stadium on Saturday. The under-pressure Solinas insists that the only way to heal their wounds is to win the Telkom Knockout quarterfinal match against SuperSport United at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Sunday (3pm). Amakhosi are in their fourth year without a trophy. Said Solinas: “The scar (of losing the derby) will stay with me for a long time. We didn’t get results in our last four games and we need to take responsibility in front of our fans. I watched the video of our fans crying and it affected me. We need results.” He added: “Yes, the last result was not good, but we need reaction. This is the moment to show character, show balls and fight for this badge, for our fans – and to never give up.” Solinas is aware that defeat to Matsatsantsa a Pitori, who have not lost to them in eight matches, could put his job on the line. SuperSport also booted Chiefs from the MTN8 with a 3-2 aggregate win in a two-legged semifinal. He added: “This cup is very important for Chiefs. This is a vital game, a difficult one because SuperSport are a very strong team. They beat us in the MTN8 and have reached the final (of different cup competitions) a lot of times. “We need fighting spirit. Believe in yourself when you have a difficult moment. A big club needs players and a coach with a strong mentality, strong character, because the pressure and expectation are very high. We need to show resilience.” Solinas revealed that he would try to avoid chopping and changing his central defensive pairing to ensure consistency. Mario Booysen and Siyabonga Ngezana were left exposed in the derby as they were unable to gel. “We don’t change for the sake of it, but because we have an injured player. For example, Daniel Cardoso spent 10 days not training due to a gastro (intestinal) problem. He lost weight because he could not eat well, so it was not possible to play him. Siya (Ngezana) was also injured against Black Leopards. But for me the combination is not a problem because Mario and Siya played well against Free State Stars and we won the game 2-0, they kept a clean sheet. “We need to believe in our players, give them a chance again. Yes, we need consistency in the back four because with more understanding, the play is better.” Booysen said: “It was a bitter pill to swallow, the derby defeat. In football sometimes you make mistakes, so we just have to take the positives from it, get the mood back and focus on the next game.” Amakhosi could be without second choice keeper Virgil Vries, as he is still in Namibia to be with his wife, who is expecting a baby.