AS MZANSI heads to the festive season, you need TO manage your money. Andile Jonas, head of marketing at Momentum Financial Planning, shared some Christmas spending survival tips. Potluck meals Potluck is when a group of people gather for a meal but each brings A specific food item. “Food is expensive, especially when preparing for groups. Ask your guests to bring certain dishes. It divides the cost and effort while adding a fun luck-of-the-draw element.” Buy gifts ahead of time You should have bought your Christmas gifts already but if not, you should not wait for the week or two before Christmas. “I often start buying gifts for people as soon as the year starts. By the time December arrives, the items are more expensive.” Big seasonal promotions Love them or hate them, Black Friday or Cyber Monday, the big American seasonal shopping sales, have moved into our shopping cycles for the time being. According to Qwerty Digital, most retail or mall websites receive an average of 150% increase in website visits during these promotions. In 2015, Absa reported that card spending increased by 81% on Black Friday compared to any other average day in the year. Save your money Saving throughout the year goes a long way to making sure your year-end spending doesn’t cause you more money trouble in the new year. Prioritise needs over wants Saving is much easier when you know whatever it is you are saving for. “Draw up a list of five to 10 items you need to pay for during the year.” Maximise reward schemes There are a number of reward schemes that people can make use of. Multiply, Momentum’s rewards and wellness programme, has partners that South Africans have shown to be favourites choices, such as Pick n Pay and Dis-Chem. “We want to make it easy and practical for Multiply members to save. The more actively you use the rewards system, the more money you will save with our partners.” The rewards system also recently launched a benefit called Multiply Money, where members can earn token-cash rewards for everyday purchases.