Music Is King concert organisers Soulistic Music and U-Live Africa in partnership with Telkom today confirmed the final wave of performers. The Black Coffee set will include a massive line-up of some of our favourite songs including Thandiswa Mazwai, Shekhinah, Monique Bingham & Samthing Soweto. Following the announcement of the 2nd wave of Music is King performers last month, the full line-up is now confirmed. Audiences can look forward to various solo artist performances, collaborations and a special Black Coffee medley featuring a long list of great local and international talent. The powerhouse female line-up includes the legendary Thandiswa Mazwai, multiple award winning star Shekhinah and Afro soul singer Moneoa Moshesh. Black Coffee’s handpicked feature artists include Lungi Naidoo, Khensy, Msaki, Lindiwe Maxolo and Toshi are also confirmed. The online sensation Yolanda Nyembezi also joins the line-up alongside international vocalist Monique Bingham. In addition to this strong female heavy line-up, Black Coffee’s EPIC set will also feature industry greats like SAMA winners Black Motion, Samthing Soweto, Mondli Ngcobo, Pansula, Ribatone and Mbuso Khoza. Renowned artists Moscow On Keys and pianist Nduduzo Makhathini have also been included on the list of performers for the medley.  With what promises to be a mind-blowing performance set, Black Coffee still has a few surprises planned that he will not reveal until show day. Previously announced headliners include Swizz Beatz, Burna Boy, Riky Rick, Lady Zamar Nasty C, Kenzhero and DJ China. Music is King merchandise will be available at the concert,  options to be announced soon on social media.  Doors open at 3pm and concert goers are advised to arrive early to enjoy the various activities lined up. Music Is King set to take place at the TicketPro Dome in Johannesburg this December, is an international concert experience brought to us by internationally acclaimed DJ & producer, Black Coffee. Limited VIP and VVIP Packages are now available online for purchase.In addition to the line-up, Music Is King is proud to announce Telkom as the official headline partner. MUSIC IS KING Date: Saturday, 15 December 2018 Venue: The Ticketpro Dome Time: Doors open at 3pm Tickets: Start from R375 (available now at webtickets.co.za) For more information check out www.musicisking.co.za. Also keep an eye on our social media platforms: Twitter @musiciskinglive Facebook MUSIC IS KING and Instagram @MusicIsKinglive 