THERE was a feast of goals last night when South Africa Womens national team, Banyana Banyana thumped struggling Equatorial Guinea 7-1 to enhance their chances of reaching the semifinals of the 2018 Womens Africa Cup of nations. After edging Nigeria in the first game Banyana became fans favorite to win this year’s title and yesterday they did not disappoint when they continued with their fine form making a statement in the tournament. Banyana hammered the Central Africa’s side in a match that took place at Cape Coast Stadium in Ghana last night. Desiree Ellis charges went into halftime leading by 2-1 with goals from Linda Motlhalo who scored from the penalty spot and Mpumi Nyandeni. Star striker, who’s been one of the key members of the squad, Thembi Kgatlana scored a brace in the second half to increase her tally of goals in this tournament to three in two matches. Refiloe Jane, Amanda Mthandi and Jermaine Seoposenwe were also on the scoresheet when Banyana registered their biggest victory of the tournament so far. Banyana are now at the top of Group B with six points, followed by Zambia, Nigeria who have three each. Equatorial are bottom without any points. It was Banyana’s first time that they scored more than five goals in the Womens Afcon. Equatorial Guinea’s dismal performance is a clear indication that the team was not prepared for the tournament. They were re-instated to take part in this competition with five days before it started removing Kenya after they won a case. They came to this encounter hoping to get something as they knew that a defeat will mean it’s the end of the road for them in the competition with a game to go after they suffered a heavy 5-0 defeat in their opening match. Earlier in the day Nigeria restored their pride by thumping Zambia 4-0. The result has left the group wide open going to the last group stage matches. Banyana’s next game will be against Zambia on Saturday (6pm, SA time) at Accra Stadium while struggling Equatorial Guinea will be hosting Nigeria at Cape Coast Stadium at the same time.