ORLANDO Pirates continued their dominance over Kaizer Chiefs in the Soweto derby when they eliminated them out of the Telkom Knockout semi-final. It is becoming too easy for the Buccaneers to beat Amakhosi these days as they have recorded three successive victories over their bitter rivals in one year. Bucs edged Amakhosi 2-1 in front of a packed Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban yesterday. Three weeks ago the Buccaneers clinched three points in the Premiership with an identical score. Justine Shonga scored the winning goal six minutes from time to break Amakhosi hearts. Leonardo Castro had cancelled out Thembinkosi Lorch opener as the game was level at 1-1 going into the half-time break. Pirates took a giant step towards ending their three year drought without a trophy in domestic football. Bucs will play the winner between defending champions Bidvest Wits and Baroka FC in the final at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth on 8 December. Baroka host Wits at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane this afternoon. Bucs were full value for their win as they dominated both halves. Amakhosi players were gutted and they fell on the ground, while Bucs players and their fans celebrated long into the night. The Buccaneers started match like a house on fire and they were rewarded with an early goal. On-form Vincent Pule created one of the best assists of the tournament for Lorch to score after 12 minutes. Pule’s assist was out of this world and Lorch had the pleasure of putting the ball past Amakhosi goalie Itumeleng Khune, who was furious with his defence. The move that led to the goal was started by Bucs goalie Jackson Mabokgwane’s route one ball that landed into Pule’s feet, which supplied Lorch and he did the rest scoring a beautiful team goal. Lorch has one assist and three goals in the Knockout competition. Instead of building on their lead, the Buccaneers defence went to sleep and allowed Amakhosi back into the game against the run of play through a Leonardo Castro equaliser five minutes later. Castro took advantage of poor communication between the Bucs defence to beat Mabokgwane to level the score. On the balance of play, Bucs were the better team in the first half. They created better goal scoring opportunities, but they were disappointing in the final third of the field.