EMBROSE Papier will finally earn his first starting cap for the Springboks in their Test against Scotland at BT Murrayfield Stadium on Saturday  (7.20pm). Bok coach Rassie Erasmus has rung as many as six changes to the team that beat France. This includes two personnel changes and two positional switches in the starting lineup for the potentially bruising encounter. Papier replaces Faf de Klerk, who has been released to his club in England, with Ivan van Zyl coming into the match-23 as replacement scrumhalf. Newly signed Bulls loose forward Duane Vermeulen has moved back to No 8 in place of the injured Warren Whiteley, while Pieter-Steph du Toit starts at blindside flank again, moving from his usual lock position. Also starting is reserve lock RG Snyman, for the fourth time, due to a decision not to rush Eben Etzebeth back from the injury he sustained against England. Lood de Jager will provide cover at lock from the bench. Erasmus is chasing his second win on tour, following defeat to England and last weekend’s hard-fought win against France. “Scotland are a well-coached side, they are difficult to break down and will present us with a very tough challenge at Murrayfield,” said Erasmus. “The matches in theNorthern hemisphere are all closely fought encounters, with the set-piece battle key, and it’s important to grab the big moments and finish your opportunities.” The Boks last played Scotland at the 2015 Rugby World Cup in a Pool B match which ended 34-16 in their favour. But the Scots have improved somewhat in the last two years and are currently ranked sixth, behind fifth-placed South Africa. They have beaten Ireland, Wales, England, France and Australia at home since early last year. However, victory over the Springboks would eclipse all those wins. “Given what they’ve done recently, it would probably be our biggest win of the last couple of years,” said Scotland coach Gregor Townsend. He believes the Springboks still represent the “No 1” challenge physically in world rugby. Scotland and South Africa have contested a total of 26 rugby Test matches since their first ever meeting in 1906. The Scots have only clinched five of those matches while South Africa have won 21.