DA leader Mmusi Maimane wants the Public Protector to investigate president Cyril Ramaphosa. Supporters of the Democratic Alliance gathered at Bosasa headquarters in Krugersdorp to protest the company on Friday. The march was led by DA leader, Mmusi Maimane. Bosasa is now trading under the name African Global. The DA said that the latest admission by president Cyril Ramaphosa that Bosasa donated at least R500 000 to his campaign for the ANC presidency is nothing short of a bribe and requires extensive investigation. The party said that Bosasa has received R10 billion in government tenders and has previously funnelled money to numerous ANC officials and now the president and his family. Maimane said this is an extremely serious breach of conduct in terms of the Executive Ethics Act and not, as he and Jackson Mthembu have been at pains to explain, just an innocent mistake. “It has very serious implications for his presidency and cannot be made to go away by a sheepish apology. “For this reason, I have referred the matter to the Office of the Public Protector for investigation. If it is then found that the President knowingly and wilfully misled Parliament, he will have to face the consequences. Because this is the level of accountability our democracy deserves.” Maimane said the company makes a “donation” to the politician, and in return the company is rewarded with government contracts. These contracts, he said, are usually awarded outside of the normal tender process, and often at inflated prices. But that’s why they paid the bribe. “That’s how you purchase yourself a President. He desperately needs you to believe it wasn’t a bribe, because if you don’t – if you add up two and two and get four – your only conclusion will be that our new President is not so different from the old one. That there is no good ANC and bad ANC – there’s only one ANC, and they have only one way of conducting their business. “A bribe is a bribe, whether it is paid to a local councillor, to Jacob Zuma or to Cyril Ramaphosa. If we were outraged when others did it, we should be equally outraged when the new President does it.” 