THEY couldn’t do it for their fans at the weekend . . . But surely Bafana Bafana can honour Madiba with victory tonight. This is a fair expectation from Stuart Baxter’s team in the wake of their recent 1-1 draw with Nigeria, which left them at risk of missing out on the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Cameroon. South Africa host Paraguay in the Nelson Mandela Challenge at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium tonight (7pm), under considerable pressure to demonstrate their competitive spirit. Of course, the result may not have far-reaching consequences for Bafana, apart from increasing scrutiny of the head coach, who is already sweating under pressure. But defeat won’t go down well with the Durbanites, who often show great support for Bafana when they play down at the coast. Besides, Bafana have vowed to do it for the late elder statesman Madiba, who would have turned 100 in July. And it is for them to put their money where their mouths are, and deliver victory for the fans who have grown increasingly disillusioned, and more importantly honour Madiba’s spirit. The international friendly, an annual event between South Africa and an invited team, raises money for the Nelson Mandela Children’s Fund. But for Baxter the match build-up presents an opportunity to have an extended camp with his players and possibly try out new variations and combinations as he begins preparation for the momentous Afcon fixture against Libya next March Percy Tau played a blinder of a game against the Super Eagles, while Lebo Mothiba scored his second competitive international goal. Oddly, Baxter made only one substitution against Nigeria. But there can be no better opportunity for him to give a few more players a run than tonight’s Paraguay clash. Granted, the result against the Super Eagles will have left Baxter with mixed feelings. He has been yearning for a sterner test against teams from elsewhere in the world. And Paraguay, a South American powerhouse with four World Cup appearances, should provide that test. The two sides last met at the 2002 Fifa World Cup in Korea/Japan, playing to a 2-2 draw. 