RAMAHLWE Mphahlele’s solitary goal helped Kaizer Chiefs beat SuperSport United 1-0 at Moses Mabhida Stadium yesterday to secure a Telkom Knockout semifinal date with arch-rivals Orlando Pirates. Baroka FC will host Bidvest Wits in the other semifinal following the draw conducted immediately after yesterday’s game. The matches will take place on the weekend of 24-25 November. Mphahlele scored arguably a contender for Goal of the Season in the 39th minute when he unleashed a thunderous shot past Ronwen Williams to the delight of Amakhosi fans. Chiefs will need to overcome Pirates if they are to end their four-year trophy drought. Amakhosi finally ended SuperSport’s dominance over them, having failed to beat them in the past eight matches. The Soweto giants avenged the two-legged MTN8 Cup semifinal aggregate (3-2) defeat to give their fans something to cheer about after losing the Absa Premiership derby 2-1 to Bucs last week. Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas made only one change to the side that lost to Bucs, with midfielder George Maluleka replacing Siphelele Ntshangase who was on the bench. Amakhosi were minus youngster Wiseman Meyiwa who was involved in a car accident on Saturday. SuperSport coach Kaitano Tembo, on the other hand, was still without key players like Bradley Grobler and Thabo Mnyamane due to injury. He made only one change to the side that drew 1-1 with Golden Arrows in a league match, with left-back Richard Boateng replacing Onismore Bhasera. Veteran Chiefs midfielder Willard Katsande wasted a chance to get the opener in the 37th minute when he hit the crossbar from the penalty spot after Boateng had fouled Mphahlele. Chippa United coach Eric Tinkler was a keen spectator on a spy mission as his charges face Amakhosi in their next league game at the same venue on Saturday (6pm). But Chiefs will first tackle rookies Black Leopards in a league game at FNB Stadium on Wednesday (7.30pm). SuperSport will be hoping to return to winning ways when they meet Free State Stars at Goble Park on Saturday.