HER journey as the devious and conniving Kamina is Mzansi Magic may have come to an end, but actress Michelle Mosalake is grateful for the opportunity she had to share her talents with Mzansi. She took to her Instagram account to thank everyone, who made her journey on the show pleasant and she also had some advice for her fans. She wrote: “And that’s a picture wrap!! I’ve learned so much from Kamina, thanks girl. Thank you to the Ferguson’s & their entire team for this opportunity. Thank you Mzansi for showing Kamina so much uh emotion? Oh & remember kids, your gut feeling is there for a reason LISTEN TO IT”. Michelle also posted a video with the Director who acknowledged her talent. The post was titled: I’m going to kick this off by saying; There is something indescribable about the power of prayer. Everything I have in my life I have asked for and prayed for including this role . I serve a living God who has never forsaken me. I am because of His Grace and I pray my life continues to be testimony of His strength and power. My job here is done! Suid Afrika you can all finally take a deep breath, all is well in Khozaland. No more high blood pressure and heart palpitations from Kamina ???? but I’ve got to say that I’ve learned an enormous amount from Kamina; mainly never to judge anyone’s actions without truly understanding what options were available to them and under what kind of circumstances they had to make certain choices. She’s definitely one of the most COMPLEX characters (to put it gently) that I’ve ever had the pleasure of playing. I am so grateful to have been able to intensify my craft through this role. A role that had very little to do with aesthetic, and more so about needing me become vulnerable almost naked as a human being in order to give my all in each and every performance so that Kamina could be as convincing as possible. I understand now more than ever through this character preparation process that everyone has good and bad in them. We are so nuanced and how we deal with our pain will always vary. Thank you to every single person I worked with on screen and off screen you’ve made me so proud to be an actor and tell stories fearlessly, throwing absolutely everything I have into making the character believable. Thank you to ALL THE ACTORS I got to work with too - you’ve all been so integral in my growth! I’ve learned a lot but I still have SO MUCH more to learn and I cannot wait! A gigantic thank you once again to the Ferguson’s from the bottom of my heart for allowing me to bring this character to life. It’s been a wild and emotional ride that I will cherish for the rest of my life. Thank you Mzansi for showing Kamina so much ...uhm .... emotion? ??. That is it from me and Kamzo/Khalamina! Remember kids - your gut feeling is there for a reason - listen to it !! #thequeenmzansi #actor I’m going to kick this off by saying; There is something indescribable about the power of prayer. Everything I have in my life I have asked for and prayed for including this role . I serve a living God who has never forsaken me. I am because of His Grace and I pray my life continues to be testimony of His strength and power. My job here is done! Suid Afrika you can all finally take a deep breath, all is well in Khozaland ?? No more high blood pressure and heart palpitations from Kamina ???? but I’ve got to say that I’ve learned an enormous amount from Kamina; mainly never to judge anyone’s actions without truly understanding what options were available to them and under what kind of circumstances they had to make certain choices. She’s definitely one of the most COMPLEX characters (to put it gently) that I’ve ever had the pleasure of playing. I am so grateful to have been able to intensify my craft through this role. A role that had very little to do with aesthetic, and more so about needing me become vulnerable almost naked as a human being in order to give my all in each and every performance so that Kamina could be as convincing as possible.I understand now more than ever through this character preparation process that everyone has good and bad in them. We are so nuanced and how we deal with our pain will always vary. Thank you to every single person I worked with on screen and off screen you’ve made me so proud to be an actor and tell stories fearlessly, throwing absolutely everything I have into making the character believable. Thank you to ALL THE ACTORS I got to work with too - you’ve all been so integral in my growth! I’ve learned a lot but I still have SO MUCH more to learn and I cannot wait! A gigantic thank you once again to the Ferguson’s from the bottom of my heart for allowing me to bring this character to life. It’s been a wild and emotional ride that I will cherish for the rest of my life. Thank you Mzansi for showing Kamina so much ...uhm .... emotion? ??. That is it from me and Kamzo/Khalamina! Remember kids - your gut feeling is there for a reason - listen to it !! #thequeenmzansi #actor A post shared by  Michelle Mosalakae (@mosalakaem) on Nov 20, 2018 at 11:39am PST  