We’re nearing that time of the year when South Africans lock up their offices and hit the road for that long-awaited summer holiday. However, consumers are dealing with petrol price hikes like they’ve never seen before and this could make many people choose not to take to the roads over the festive season. Off road Unfortunately, the petrol price doesn’t only affect those using cars or taxis. Food prices, for instance, rise because retailers need to offset increased costs of delivery. In addition to that, the international crude oil price affects the price of agrochemicals such as fertilizers and pesticides. So farmers will also be forced to pass those increased costs onto consumers. Public transport Public transport users will be almost immediately hurt with higher fare prices. And Ofentse Mokwena, a transport economics lecturer, told Fin24 recently that bus companies will be most affected as they also face increased labour costs after a negotiated settlement following a nearly month-long strike in the sector. General goods prices South Africa relies a great deal on road freight to deliver everything from foodstuffs to household appliances. Retailers then pass on these higher costs to consumers. “We obviously see an immediate effect on the cost of deliveries. To cushion that blow businesses such as ours are forced to pass on the increased cost to our consumers,” says Teljoy Customer Experiences Manager, Desiree Dickinson. “But our selling model is also designed to assist the consumer in that the cost of the household appliances and tech that’s rented to own by the consumer is predetermined. In other words, even if petrol prices go up now, if someone has already signed a contract with us to rent to own a TV, the amount they pay every month doesn’t change. Even if someone signs a contract today, the amount they will pay won’t change months from now even if the general cost of living increases.” How to avoid a sad festive season Prepare a budget and plan ahead. If your loved ones are big on gift-giving and festive feasts, then you need to prepare ahead of time. And be sensitive to the financial status of yourself and others. For instance, make a ‘Secret Santa’ list in which each person buys only one gift for someone else. And set a price limit on gifts. Because it’s the thought that counts, right? There’s no denying that this festive season is going to be difficult for South Africans. But let’s be wise in how we spend and we might just see our way through. - Supplied