THE BEAUTIFUL bride was in front of the mirror doing her make-up, her wedding dress hanging on the cupboard.But then came the terrible phone call.PACK AWAY YOUR DRESS, WASH YOUR FACE, THERE WILL BE NO WEDDING TODAY. The call came from the groom’s father. Dorah Rathethe from Sedibeng in Tembisa, Ekurhuleni told Daily Sun it was with a heavy heart that she went to give her daughter, Makgomo Rathethe (25), the news. “I left the room to make coffee, to give my daughter some time to recover,” she said. Dorah said R20 000 lobola was paid for her daughter earlier this year and the wedding was planned for 17 November. “We feel ashamed and embarrassed because we had sent out invitations. “People are laughing at us because of something which is not of our doing,” she said. “I felt to cancel the wedding over the phone was disrespectful. They never even drove here to tell us face to face.” Dorah said the way the groom’s family acted made her family very angry. “That man proposed marriage to my daughter and was even pushy. He wanted to get married as soon as possible,” she said “We hope the truth will come out.” The hurt bride, Makgomo, said she just wanted the man out of her life because he was playing games. “This is not the first time he has played games with me. They paid lobola in March already, but then he said he wasn’t ready to get married,” said Makgomo. “Then he suddenly came back and convinced me that we should get married after all. “He was the one who was pushing, not me. He was the one who insisted on the marriage, not me.” She said they have been together for about four years. The runaway groom, Tshepo Nthane (35), has since disappeared and a missing person’s case has been opened at Tembisa Police Station. The father of the groom, John Nthane, said the family is hurt by his son’s disappearance. “We want him to come home and explain himself,” he said. Captain Manyadza Ralidzhivha of Tembisa cop shop said a missing person’s case has been opened. Anyone who has information about Tshepo Nthane is asked to contact 08600 10111 or visit the police station.