NO one is guaranteed a starting place in the Bafana Bafana team . . . not even prodigal son Thulani Serero. Serero has returned to the national team fold, getting named in the team to face Nigeria in the crunch Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier at FNB Stadium on 17 November. The call-up comes a year after the Netherlands-based midfielder quit Bafana, citing lack of game-time, an action which led to a ban from the national team. This ban has since been lifted following talks with the SA Football Association bosses. But is he sure of a starting berth this time? “What’s important to me is the unconditional desire to want to play for the national team,” explained Bafana coach Stuart Baxter. “If Itu (Khune) lets in three balls through his legs, Itumeleng will be on the bench. He will accept that. I want Thulani to have the same kind of mentality. “If the coach decides to take him off to tie up the game with three centre-backs, I expect him to shake hands, sit on the bench and get on with it. “It (the Bafana call-up) isn’t just sort of ‘open the door, close the door’. It’s not like an old Wild West saloon where people come in and go out as if it doesn’t matter.” Though he has received call-ups from Baxter, Serero has yet to play a match under the Scot. He was an unused substitute when Bafana thumped Burkina Faso 3-1 in their 2018 World Cup qualifier a year ago before he showed Baxter the middle finger. Yet he seems to be back in favour with Baxter. A superb passer with a good technical ability, Serero could be just what Bafana need to secure passage to the 2019 finals in Cameroon in their last two qualifier matches. “Thulani indicated strongly to the people in the association that he wanted to make himself available for selection. I obviously checked on his form, and he’s been playing quite well, a lot, and at a good level,” Baxter said.“I’m working from the assumption that everybody can make a poor decision. Everybody has the right to a second chance.“I think he’s got qualities we will need in our attack . . . mobility, vision, the pass.“I don’t think Serero has a massive impact with his noise in the dressing room. He is a quiet boy. It’s important that all the boys see the right attitude. I don’t want a ‘big-time Charlie’ swinging into the dressing room.”Maritzburg United’s Fortune Makaringe is the new addition to the squad.