ON SATURDAY Lindiwe discovered the body of her daughter with a bullet wound in her head. This Saturday she will bury her daughter and then she has a tough decision to make. SHE HAS TO DECIDE IF SHE SHOULD GO INTO HIDING TOO! Lindiwe Bowes (48) from Ashdown, Pietermaritzburg, KZN fears for her own life after her daughter, Lindelwa (18) was murdered on Saturday. “I phoned Lindelwa thinking she had gone out but she didn’t reply.” She looked in the outside toilet and in the park across the road where Lindelwa usually exercises with other people but she didn’t find her. Then she went home to find her daughter still in bed. But she was dead. “I couldn’t believe my eyes when I pulled back the blanket. She was lying in a pool of blood,” she said. “I ran outside screaming.” The cops came and certified her dead. She was killed by a gunshot wound in the cheek. She said she doesn’t feel safe as she suspects her daughter’s death was carefully arranged by the suspect. He was arrested in February for raping the dead woman at the beginning of January. She said she can’t understand why the cops didn’t protect her daughter. “In the middle of the year, the investigating officer told me the cops were working on taking my daughter to a place of safety but that never happened. The suspect was allegedly involved in dangerous rape, armed robbery and car hijacking cases and two state witnesses and six victims in his cases were being shot dead,” said Lindiwe. “I don’t know why it took this long to finalise the process. Now I have to face the tragedy of losing my daughter.” Police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbele confirmed that an 18-year-old woman was found dead from a gunshot wound in her room in Jeqe Road, Ashdown on 10 November. “A case of murder was opened at Plessislaer Police Station for investigation,” she said. When Daily Sun asked KZN police spokesman, Lieutenant-Colonel Thulani Zwane, why the process of moving the dead woman took so long, he said: “The matter is sub judice so it can’t be discussed outside court.”