‘I LOVE Hayley, I always have and always will.” So said Ray Weatherall (53) about his wife Hayley
Weatherall (32), who was sentenced to 15 years in jail this week for trying to
kill him. According to the Sun, Ray was already terminally ill with
brain tumours in 2015 when Hayley plotted with her lover and his daughter to
kill Ray. In a terrible twist to the tale, Hayley was having an
affair with Ray’s best mate, Glenn Pollard (49). They had been friends for 20 years. Maidstone Crown Court, south of London, heard how Hayley
and Glenn plotted to kill Ray for 10 months. They considered poisoning him, drowning him and even
blowing up his home. Eventually Glenn’s daughter, Heather (19) was persuaded
to shoot Ray in November 2017 while he was helping his son Sam cut down a tree. But Ray was incredibly lucky. Heather shot him in the
face with a .22 hunting rifle but the bullet lodged in his jaw bone and he
survived. The evil threesome was bust when Ray’s niece tipped off
cops when she learned about Hayley and Glenn’s affair. Sentencing the trio on Tuesday, Judge Adele Williams
said: “This was cruelty of high degree. Cold, calculated and chilling cruelty.
Each of you plotted and planned to kill him with determination and persistence.
The extent of the planning, preparation and the extreme lengths to which each
of you was prepared to go is staggering.” Glenn must serve a minimum of 17 years in jail and
Heather 15 years. But Ray is heartbroken that he will die while his beloved
Hayley is still behind bars. He told the Sun: “I wish I was going to be here long
enough to have her back in this house where she belongs. I know people will
think I’m crazy. “But I’d rather Hayley wasn’t locked up at all. In my
heart of hearts I am convinced that she was brainwashed by him. He wanted my
wife. He was my best mate for more than 20 years. Now I just think he’s a low
life. He’s nothing more than a dirty, rotten, stinking, conniving bastard. But
why couldn’t they have just come to me and told me they were having an affair? "They didn’t have to try to kill me. I’m gutted over
the whole situation. I’ve lost my wife, my best friend, for what? He could have
waited and had her.” He added: “I will go out of this world with her in my
heart. It’s never going to change.”