 MZANSI HAS heard the heartbreaking stories of HHP’s depression and suicide. But another sad element has been added to the tragedy. IT HAS EMERGED THAT HE MAY ALSO HAVE HAD A DRUG ADDICTION. According to court papers filed by his customary wife Lerato Sengadi, HHP, known as Jabba, was addicted to cocaine and CAT. “Although diagnosed with severe depression, Jabba chose not to take any medication for his condition,” said Lerato. “Zoloft was prescribed for Jabba as an anti-depressant, but he complained that it dried up his artistic juices.” She said he stopped taking the medicine as a result. Lerato also claims she had desperately wanted Jabba to get professional help, not only for depression, but also for his drug addiction. “I arranged to have him admitted to rehabilitation centres locally as well as in Port Elizabeth,” she claimed. But she said when the time came for him to report for admission, he refused to take up his place. Lerato said in 2015 his condition and his drug addiction got worse and he attempted suicide on three different occasions. Jabba’s father, Robert Tsambo, had previously stated in the media that they do not recognise Lerato as their makoti. He also refused to tell her where Jabba’s body was and refused to hand over documents, his death certificate or ID to her. Lerato revealed that she only knew that the Tsambo family had scheduled the funeral and burial in North West for this Saturday because of social media. She was apparently told she would not be allowed to participate in the funeral arrangements or the burial. But Lerato said a customary marriage between her and Jabba was concluded on 28 February 2016. After negotiations, Jabba transferred R35 000 towards lobola for Lerato. Speaking to Daily Sun while at the memorial service in Mahikeng, HHP’s uncle Tutu Mokgatle confirmed that the family has paid lobola for Lerato. He said this was a sad episode because Lerato wanted the house even though the death certificate said Jabba was unmarried. “I spoke to Jabba’s father, who said this is nothing. As the family we will challenge the court action because they never made their marriage into a civil marriage.” Spokesman for the family Nkululeko Ncana said: “The desire to prevent our family from giving Jabba a dignified send-off is insensitive and tantamount to an act of violence on the memory and legacy of Jabba, who touched millions of lives through his music and personal interactions with his fans.” The court ordered Robert to say where the singer’s remains are. He may also not proceed with funeral arrangements. The court papers also demand that all goods, including the hard drives taken from Jabba’s studio, must be returned. According to the court papers, they were unlawfully taken by the family. The matter is expected to heard in the South Gauteng High Court today.