NO ONE is looking forward to the upcoming “clash of titans” between Bafana Bafana and Nigeria more than Jay-Jay Okocha. The African football legend, who is widely regarded as the best Nigerian player of his generation, hardly misses a fixture between the two. Like many on the continent, Okocha will be watching with interest when Nigeria tackle South Africa in their 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier at FNB Stadium on Saturday. “It will be an interesting game . . . explosive,” said Okocha. He is in Mzansi on a Bundesliga/StarSat legends tour to promote the German top league, looking to increase its fan base on the continent. He has already visited the Amandla Safe-Hub in Diepsloot, a project which recently agreed on a long-term strategic partnership with the Bundesliga. “Of course revenge will be on the minds of the Super Eagles players after they lost in the first leg in Uyo,” continued Okocha, who was part of the Nigerian team that knocked Bafana out in the semifinals of the 2000 Afcon tournament. “As a player you have a chance to prove yourself with the next game. “That defeat might well be the motivation for Nigeria going into the match. It is an opportunity to regain our bragging rights.” He also questioned the mentality of African players and their lack of hunger to succeed in European leagues. This hampers national teams in international tournaments. “I think players are really not ambitious anymore. They are scared to go abroad, scared to fight and challenge to be the best. In my day we had that mentality – to go and prove that we belonged among the world’s best. “These days our players are easily satisfied with little. That mentality has to change. Football federations also need to get the structures right and set themselves targets.” Former Bafana goalie Rowen Fernandez, who played for Arminia Bielefeld, echoed Okocha’s sentiments, adding that local players should challenge themselves in top European leagues such as the Bundesliga. He is holding thumbs Bafana do the job against Nigeria, a team he believes provides the needed challenge. StarSat CEO John Yan said: “We are very excited to have Jay-Jay Okocha in South Africa. This event provides a fantastic opportunity for fans to enjoy some of the best football in the world, live, with a player who provided so much excitement through his tantalising skill over the years.”