“I went to bed as minister and woke up no longer a minister.” This was said by former Public Service and Administration Minister Ngoako Ramatlhodi, who painted scary picture of how the Guptas operated in former president Jacob Zuma’s administration. Ramatlhodi was axed from his ministerial post without his knowledge. He said his wife woke him up one morning and told him “Papa, you’re no longer a minister”. He told the state capture inquiry on Wednesday that the Guptas used to “clean departments” and were “ruthless” in the way the dealt with people. He said the Guptas would bring a "Gupta" minister and a “Gupta” director general and this affected the jobs of a lot of officials. Ramatlhodi was first replaced by Mosebenzi Zwane as minister of mineral resources before he was axed from the public service. He spoke about his removal as mineral resource minister. He said he met with Zuma who congratulated him for doing a good job and said he was promoting him to public services. Ramatlhodi said that he just thanked Zuma and left. “I knew the promotion was a punishment for doing good things,” he said. Ramatlhodi said he was pressured to meet Ajay Gupta and to attend the The New Age (TNA) breakfasts. The former minister also alleged that former ministers Des Van Rooyen and Mosebenzi Zwane used to “camp” out at the Gupta family’s Saxonwold residence before they were appointed as ministers. He said Van Rooyen and Zwane even boasted about being “Gupta ministers”. Ramatlhodi also spoke about a call he received from Zuma’s son Duduzane in which he “sounded desperate”. Duduzane demanded to meet him about safety gear on one of the Gupta’s mines. Ramatlhodi told the commission that when he asked Zuma to tell his son not to call him again, the former president allegedly told him: “Ku lungile mfanakithi". Ramatlhodi added that Zuma refused to address concerns about the Gupta brothers. He told people, they are his friends, they helped his sons when no wanted to help them. The former minister said he had told the ANC NEC that former president Jacob Zuma had “auctioned executive authority to the Guptas and that the next president was going to inherit an empty office, we are going to inherit an empty state.”