ORLANDO Pirates started their mission in search of a second star on their jersey on a high note when they walloped Seychelles side Light Stars 5-1 in a one sided Caf Champions League preliminary round first leg match at Orlando Stadium last night. Bucs have made the job easier ahead of the return leg scheduled for Seychelles next Wednesday. Pirates are eager to repeat the history of 1995 that saw them lift the much sort after trophy. Bucs came close to achieve their goal in 2013 when they lost 3-1 on aggregate to Egyptian giants Al Ahly in the two legged final. The Soweto giants have made a serious impact in the continent as they also reached the Caf Confederation Final in 2015 where they lost 2-1 to Tunisian outfit Etoile due Sahel. But since then Pirates have been on a downward spiral having failed to qualify for the continental showpiece having also struggled domestically as they never won a trophy in four years. However, Sredojevic has turned the club into a well oiled machine since he joined the club last season as he helped them finish second on the Absa Premiership to ensure they return to the Champions League. Sredojevic had a starting line-up that consist of fringe players with Nyasha Munetsi and Augustine Mulenga the only regulars in the team. The Serbian gave players like Meshack Maphangule and Kudakwashe Mahachi a rare opportunity to prove their worth. The players never disappointed as they gave Seychelles players who are part time footballers a tough time with Maphangule and Thabo Qalinge launching a series of attack. Stars gave Pirates a scare when Mario Bravo broke the ice in the 17th minute. The goal jolted Bucs into the match as Qalinge grabbed the equaliser in the 25th minute with Mulenga making it 2-1 via a low shot in the 37th minute. Pirates midfielder Mpho Makola put matters beyond Stars reach in the 40th minute when he scored the third goal with a curling free kick. Justin Shonga scored the fourth, while Linda Mntambo hammered the final nail in their coffin. A win on aggregate will see Pirates tackling either Volcano Club (Comoros) or African Stars (Namibia) before they secure a spot in the group stages.