BANYANA Banyana captain Janine van Wyk says they will need to kill their Africa Women’s Cup of Nations game against Equatorial Guinea early to ensure they reach the semifinals. The match will be played at Cape Coast Stadium today (8.30pm SA time). A victory for Banyana will see them edge closer to the Last Four of the tournament as they will have accumulated six points. The result of the match between Nigeria and Zambia earlier on the day will give a clear indication on what will happen in Group B. The two teams that finish at the top of each group will proceed to the semifinal stage. Equatorial Guinea, who were reinstated in the tournament after winning an appeal against Kenya, will come at Banyana guns blazing in a bid to register their first win of the tournament. They hope to put behind them the humiliating 5-0 defeat to Zambia in the opening match and focus on the job at hand. Said Van Wyk: “We can’t underestimate any opponent this year because all the teams have really grown. Equatorial Guinea will be very difficult to play against. After losing to Zambia they know that they are out of the tournament if they lose again, so it will be one of those defining matches. Killing the game early will be key.” The Women’s Afcon champions, the runners-up and the team that finishes third will qualify for next year’s Fifa Women’s World Cup to be hosted by France from 7 June to 7 July. Van Wyk insists that their 1-0 win over Nigeria is now history. “We need to keep our feet on the ground because we still have a long way to go to get where we need to be. She added: “We need to keep up the spirit and the character we showed in the first match. We need to convert every time because in some games you only get one chance and you’d better use it.” Banyana will need to eliminate some mistakes as they continue their Women’s Afcon journey in their ambition to reach their first ever World Cup. “In our first game we gave away possession cheaply and it’s something we need to correct,” concluded the skipper. Banyana will pin their hopes on the scoring prowess of Thembi Kgatlana against Equatorial Guinea, while Noko Matlou will add stability in defence.