EVER heard of prey stalking the hunter? Well, that is what you are likely to believe, listening to Bidvest Wits coach Gavin Hunt talking up Baroka FC ahead of their Telkom Knockout semifinal at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Sunday (3pm). By and large, cup holders Wits are favourites to cruise past Bakgaga and book a spot in the final. But the cautiously optimistic Hunt sees it differently. “The team we are facing have had a turn in fortunes. They got two good results,” Hunt reasons. “They are not going to win the league. So this is their real chance to win a trophy and I’m sure the effort and desire will be there.” Baroka have already floored the star-studded Mamelodi Sundowns in the quarterfinals but Wits might just be a bridge too far for the Limpopo side. Contrary to last season, the Clever Boys have won most of their cup games away and Hunt is banking on that rich vein of form. “We look better away this season. I think at home we get a bit anxious and try to go for it a little bit more . . . and get caught like we did last week,” he explained. “Ja, right now our form at home isn’t good. So maybe playing them away is better.” But the wily mentor reckons his current squad has the hunger to win trophies, with several new faces having joined the side this season. Simon Murray has replaced fellow Brit James Keene up-front while Terrence Dzvukamanja has started in nine games alongside Murray. “This squad hasn’t won much. If you look at the players we got, they haven’t won a trophy in their lives, so there’s a lot of hunger and desire to achieve in them. They haven’t won anything,” said Hunt. “That’s why I’ve gone with a lot of these players. “It’s always difficult to motivate players who’ve won a lot. Thulani Hlatshwayo, who captained Bafana Bafana against Paraguay in the Nelson Mandela Challenge in Durban last night, is expected back at training tomorrow, along with S’fiso Hlanti and Buhle Mkhwanazi. Star defender Robyn Johannes is out on suspension. “We’ll have to match them. There’s no doubt, we’ll have to match Baroka,” Hunt said. “Obviously we’ve had players away (for Bafana Bafana), which is always a problem. They’re playing again tonight (yesterday). “There’ll be pretty much one-day preparations for them. But it is what it is.”