Miss SA, Tamaryn Green has revealed two of the garments that she will be wearing when she represents the country at the prestigious Miss Universe pageant next month. This at her official farewell celebrations held at The Maslow in Sandton, Johannesburg this morning. Her official national costume pays homage to South Africa’s national bird, the Blue Crane and was designed by Malikah Hajee, Lloyd Kandlin and their team at The Costume Department. “More than 1 000 bluish grey and black feathers have been hand placed on the costume and resemble under-wing feathers. The headpiece is encrusted with crystals depicting the beak. The custom feather print fabric is designed locally. The structured, tailored jacket is reflective of the esteem that blue crane feathers are held in within some African cultures such as Xhosa, Zulu and Ndebele. Chiefs were bestowed with the honour of wearing blue crane feathers for their acts of bravery and hunting prowess,” said Malikah. Italian designers, Galluzzi e Gini have also designed a number of her outfits including the farewell gown. Tamaryn also revealed The National Gift to The Universe necklace designed by her in collaboration with Jack Friedman Jewellers which pays tribute to her hometown Cape Town.  Tamaryn will attempt to score the country a “double win” as Miss SA 2017 Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters will be handing over her crown. This has only ever happened once in history when Venezuela’s Dayana Mendoza and Stefanía Fernández took the crown consecutively in 2008 and 2009. On behalf of the Miss South Africa Organisation, Cell C’s Suzette van der Merwe has announced that South Africa is currently the top pageant country in the world based on wins and finalists in the Top 10. “The training is going very well. There is a lot more that goes into it than people think. It requires mental, physical and emotional preparation which includes practicing hair, make up, styling, public speaking, keeping fit and so much more. However, I am confident that I will do South Africa proud and will give it my all. I can't wait to represent our beautiful and vibrant country on a global platform,” said Tamaryn. She will continue to promote her #BreakTheStigma campaign at Miss Universe and says that the movement, aimed at raising awareness around TB, has been very successful. “I travelled to New York in September to speak at the first-ever United Nations General Assembly high-level meeting on tuberculosis and was also invited to speak at the Union Conference on Lung Disease at The Hague. Talking about my story and my battle with TB has encouraged so many to speak up about theirs,” she continued. Tamarin is receiving pageant coaching and fashion styling and advice from renowned pageant coach, Werner Wessels. She will be competing against contestants from 95 countries, surpassing the previous record of 92 contestants in 2017. The 67th annual Miss Universe pageant takes place on Monday, December 17, in Bangkok, Thailand and South Africans are hoping for a consecutive win as reigning Miss Universe Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters of South Africa will crown her successor at the end of the event. Fans are also advised to make sure they catch Miss World South Africa 2018, Thulisa Keyi as she competes in the Miss World contest which will be held on December 8 in Sanya, China.  