Rapper, Gigi LaMayne has revealed that the source of her depression is as a result of the traumas she had to endure in her childhood. This comes after Gigi landed in hospital earlier this month following a botched suicide attempt. The rapper shocked the nation when she tweeted her date-of-birth followed by her date-of-death and then proceeded to attempt suicide. She woke up the next day in hospital and later apologized to the country and her loved ones for what had happened. She is now opening up about what led her to that dark moment in her life and also doing everything she can to help those in similar circumstances. GIGI LAMAYNE: I'M SORRY! “My battles with depression have never always been my own. I aim to create awareness around mental health, more especially in the black community. Our environments are really important. I wanna make them safe. You just need somebody to talk to,” she told fans. She went on to say that although depression can be caused by genetics and one’s environment, there are ways to improve the situation and find healing. “My battle with the illness was due to a traumatic childhood. I tried to over excel because of the inadequacies I would feel. In not addressing that you do suffer from something, you’re only creating one hectic blizzard. Come to terms with the fact that it isn’t your fault,” she went on. She also took the opportunity to offer advice on how to deal with depression. “You can change how you live, the energy you surround yourself with and your life decisions. Suicide is only an easy way out. You have a life purpose greater than you may see. Feed that purpose. Nothing and nobody else matters,” Gigi went on. GIGI'S MUM SPEAKS The rapper, whose real name is Genesis Manney, told fans that she has made it her personal mission to help people who suffer from depression and anxiety. She has joined forces with YCM Talks to present an open platform of discussion and healing called Safe Spaces: Mental Health and Depression. “If you’re in Durban and relate to any of my previous tweets, please join me. It’s for absolutely free. Let’s heal together,” Gigi revealed. The first Safe Spaces will take place at the Batcentre in Durban on the 8th of December 2018. Gigi said that she felt the need to make a change, to help the youth who are often times “overlooked”. GIGI AFTER SUICIDE ATTEMPT: IT WASN'T TIME! “Young black African child, You are loved. You are needed,” she ended.  