Kevin Anderson and Raven Klaasen both had reasonable starts to their campaigns at the Nitto ATP Finals in London. While Anderson was delighted with his 6-3 7-6(10) win over Dominic Thiem, Klaasen won't be unhappy with the 7-6 4-6 10-5 defeat he and Michael Venus suffered against Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares, as the set they won could well be important in the final group reckoning. Of the two South Africans, back in the city of their respective Wimbledon triumphs where both were runners-up in July, Anderson as a first-timer had less experience, but you'd never have known it the way he came out all-guns-firing against Thiem. The South African admitted to some nerves at the beginning of the match, but thrashed them into the roof of the tent-like O2 Arena with some great serving. And when Thiem missed a number of first serves, Anderson was able to fire his big returns to put his opponent under pressure. He broke in the fourth game of the match, and should have made it a double-break in a marathon sixth game. When Thiem came through that, the match could have turned, but Anderson was still the dominant player. He had set points at 5-2, and eventually took the set 6-3 with just the one break of serve. Thiem served much better in the second set, which saw no break points and always looked likely to be decided by a tiebreak. Thiem led 3-1, but Anderson fought straight back, and at 6-5 had match point. It proved the first of three on Thiem's serve, and Anderson had to face two set points on his own serve, but both men's nerve held as the 18-minute breaker went down to the wire. Then at 10-10, Thiem missed a first serve, Anderson attacked the second, Thiem drove Anderson wide to his forehand side, prompting Anderson to attempt an unlikely forehand down the line at full stretch over the high part of the net. He landed the ball precisely in the corner of sideline and baseline, and on the next point served his 13th ace to win the match. In his round robin group he still has to play Roger Federer and Kei Nishikori on Tuesday and Thursday, with the top two in the group advancing to Saturday's semi-finals. Neither will be easy, but on this form Anderson should fear neither. How Klaasen and Venus came to lose their match against Murray and Soares is hard to fathom. They broke in the second game, they had set point at 5-4 before losing the set on the tiebreak, and they very nearly let the second set go despite breaking early. A couple of bad points early in the super-tiebreak meant they were always chasing the game, and eventually lost the shootout comfortably. It puts the pressure on Klaasen and Venus in their match on Tuesday against Nikola Mektic and Alexander Peya, but in a format where every set won can make a difference to who goes through to the knockout stage, it was a good defeat if such a thing exists. Monday's action sees Sascha Zverev play Marin Cilic, and Novak Djokovic face John Isner. The two South Africans both next play on Tuesday. 