LAST season, too many draws were some of the reasons why Kaizer Chiefs failed to challenge for the Absa Premiership title. Last season in 30 league matches Amakhosi drew 12 matches. And yet again this season Amakhosi seem to be repeating last season’s mistakes where they struggled for consistency. Last night Chiefs lack of a killer instinct and not being ruthless enough upfront saw them playing to their sixth draw of the season in 13 games when they drew 0-0 with Chippa United at an empty Moses Mabhida Stadium. This was Chiefs second and last match of their two games behind closed doors at the iconic Moses Mabhida following fan violence in their Nedbank Cup semifinal which they lost 2-0 to Free State Stars last season at the same venue. The PSL disciplinary committee found Amakhosi guilty and handed them a three-match fan ban, one which is suspended. In those two games behind closed doors Giovanni Solinas charges managed to get only one point as they lost the first match 1-0 to Polokwane City early last month and the goalless draw against the Chilli Boys last night. In the first half there was no threat between these two sides besides the incident where Chiefs goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune made a mistake leaving his post on the 8th minute but Chippa couldn’t utilize the opportunity. Towards the end of the match Khune had to make a few saves as Thabo Rakhale tested him. In the 80th minute Mark Mayambela found the back of the net but his ball was ruled offside. The match seemed to resemble something of a training match without the spectators. But now after the two games with no fans at the venue the question is did the fans suffer enough not to repeat violent scenes in the stadium or did the TV coverage provide adequate compensation as both matches were televised? Maybe without the pictures it might have been a more effective punishment for the hooliganism fans. ¦ Yesterday’s other results: Golden Arrows 1 – 2 Baroka FC; Free State Stars 0 – 1 SuperSport United; Bidvest Wits 1 – 2 Bloem-fontein Celtic.