A LOCAL boxing star Azinga “Golden Boy” Fuzile has set his eyes firmly on Tevin “American Idol” Farmer’s International Boxing Federation (IBF) world crown. SOUTH AFRICA’S boxing hot property Azinga “Golden Boy” Fuzile has joined the junior lightweight elite pugilists who are queuing for Tevin “American Idol” Farmer’s International Boxing Federation (IBF) world crown. The Gauteng-based boxing sensation from Duncan Village, in East London, Eastern Cape, seats on 12th position on the IBF world ratings. His trainer and manager Colin “Nomakanjani” Nathan says he is expecting his charge to move up on the rankings after he demolished former two-time IBF world champion Malcolm Klassen. Fuzile registered a four round technical knockout victory to retain his IBF continental Africa junior lightweight title. After his win over Klassen, Golden Boy has sent a strong message to the local boxing fraternity that he’s ready to campaign on the next level. Now, the awkward fighter has embarked on new journey toward a world champion crown. According to Nathan, they’re working around the clock to fight highly rated opponents and eventually get a crack on a world title. Fuzile could move up on ratings after his title defence against Klassen. “We’ll know in a short period of time where we stand,” said Nathan. According to the trainer and manager, they will push harder until they get to the number one spot. But given the economic conditions in Mzansi, bringing top-rated opponents for the former SA, WBC Youth and IBF Continental Africa featherweight champion, is no walk in the park. Nathan said: “We’ll be busy till we fight for an eliminator and eventually get a crack on a world title. Farmer is on our radar and we hope to continue performing well.” The talented fighter stormed onto the local boxing scene four years ago and his star is on the rise. The unbeaten Golden Boy rewrote history books and became the first fighter to be crowned a national champion with only five fights to his name. He also sent two vastly experienced boxers, Klaasen and Macbute Sinyabi, to retirement village. 