Miss World South Africa, Thulisa Keyi is gearing up to represent the country at the prestigious Miss World pageant next month. In the build up to the big day, Thulisa has unveiled one of her costumes for the pageant. At her official farewell at The Maslow Time Square in Pretoria, Thulisa showed off her show-stopper gown to friends and media. She also spoke about how her preparations for the competition are going. “It’s going well; there is still a lot to do but we’re getting there. From a fitness point of view, I am being trained by Letshego Zulu who has customized my training according to my fitness needs. This will help me tackle the sports category at Miss World. For the talent category, I will be dancing and Ryan Hignett is choreographing my routine,” she said. The 26-year-old beauty queen from Mdantsane in the Eastern Cape will compete for the big title against 119 other women from around the world. She will be dressed by Biji - La Maison de Couture, who are responsible for Bonang Matheba’s incredible 31st birthday dinner gown. “I love my Designer of the World dress as it incorporates a traditional twist and I am delighted to reveal it. My dress for the finale will also be simple but elegant. My Miss World Beauty with a Purpose project focuses on PTSD and education and I am currently finalizing the video shoot which explains the undertaking and what I would like to achieve with it. This is close to my heart as it comes from my own personal experience. I suffered trauma at a young age and used education as a tool to rise above my circumstances,” she said.  Biji Gibbs says when she sat down with Thulisa, it was clear that she wanted something simple and fitted, yet bold and elegant. “I had asked Thulisa to send suggestions of designs or patterns which meant a lot to her personally and culturally. This is a wonderful way to create a synthesis of my skills fused with the soul of the person who is to wear one of my creations. Thulisa sent me many reference pictures of traditional Xhosa attire which is mostly black and white in bold geometric patterns and stripes. Pageant coach Werner Wessels had the idea to make up a sleeve with the patterning possibly dropping to the ground. This thought sparked a whole side of my imagination which led me to design an even bolder concept of creating a fully beaded collar, shoulder and arm which cascades into a black-to-white ombre beaded fringe dropping generously to the floor. This boldly patterned beautifully frames the silhouette of her absolutely minimalist yet luxurious slim fit black velvet gown,” said Biji. Thulisa believes that she has exactly what it takes to not only wear the crown but to carry it successfully. “My greatest strength lies in my voice and what I use it for. My story is that of a resilient but kind, strong but compassionate woman. Using my voice to share my story, connect to people all over the world and inspire them to find the potential that lies within is by far my greatest forte. I would like to thank everyone who has supported me throughout my journey. I am grateful for this opportunity and will do my absolute best to make South Africa proud. I am excited to represent our beautiful country at the Miss World contest at such an important time, in the year that we celebrate the Mandela centenary,” she said. Thulisa was assisted by pageant coach and fashion stylist Werner Wessels ahead of her departure. The 68th annual Miss World contest will take place in Sanya, China on December 8 when Manushi Chhillar from India will crown her successor at the end of the event. Thulisa left for China on Wednesday. 