Kelly Khumalo has had enough of the cyber-bullying, the trolls, name-calling and personal attacks she has had to endure on social media. And she is spitting fire all over anyone who dares say anything negative about her. One troll in particular felt the full brunt of Kelly’s level of gatvol. The troll sent their rest in peace regards to Kelly’s rumoured new bae, rapper Chad da Don. For years now Kelly has been the butt of jokes on social media with trolls calling her cursed and that any man who is with her is doomed to death or imprisonment. When Kelly saw the RIP tweet, she exploded, replying: “Says the c**k sucking son of a s**t, who was born with nothing but a permanent Rip sign on his Forehead”. Kelly says that she is sick and tired of taking personal attacks laying down and is now ready to fight back. “Oh This Time they have my undivided attention. I’ve never been a push over and I’m not about to start now. This is one battle I intend on winning,” said Kelly. The singer and songwriter said that we all need to concern ourselves with making social media a safer, kinder space not only for celebrities, but for all human beings. “Cyberbullying must stop these cowards get away with it cause they know that we will ignore or walk away. Not This time,” she preached. She also warned another troll to try her one more time and see what will happen to him. “If I was that guy I'll be worried,” the troll tweeted, to which Kelly responded: “Say that one more time, I just wanna see what’s gonna happen. #IdareYou”. Kelly and Chad having been blowing up our timelines for weeks now, sparking rumours of a new affair in celebville. Both musicians have continued to fan the flame of the rumours with numerous images of the two of them looking way too cosy. But they have not confirmed whether they are really in a relationship, or this whole thing is just a PR stunt to give more hype to their respective projects due for release in the near future. Kelly recently shoot the music video for her song, Dance Comingo which features Chad and is also promoting her upcoming album. Chad is also on the promotional trail for his latest single, . HOWS YOUR FRIDAY? KING AND QUEEN ?? ?? Cc @kellykhumaloza #DanceComigoVideoShoot A post shared by  RAP STAR (@chad_da_don_official) on Oct 19, 2018 at 9:03am PDT  All I need in this life of sin ...is me and my ??????? A post shared by  RAP STAR (@chad_da_don_official) on Nov 12, 2018 at 3:50am PST  #Awuboni??? A post shared by  Kelly Khumalo (@kellykhumaloza) on Nov 10, 2018 at 3:27am PST  Thumela Omalume @chad_da_don_official ?????????????????????????? A post shared by  Kelly Khumalo (@kellykhumaloza) on Nov 7, 2018 at 2:44am PST   