A BIG carrot has been dangled in front of Banyana Banyana players ahead of the 2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations in Ghana. If Banyana win the tournament which runs from 17 November until 1 December they will share a whopping R3,3 million between them. This means each player will walk away with an estimated R160 000, should they lay their hands on the trophy and qualify for their first ever World Cup in France next year. This is a big boost from Banyana sponsor Sasol, considering that Banyana players earn very little compared to their male counterparts at Bafana Bafana. The big news was confirmed yesterday during Banyana’s final squad announcement held at Safa House. Banyana need to finish in the top three at the tournament if they are to make their debut at the World Cup next year. If they finish the Women’s Afcon outside the top three, they will only get a participation fee of R850 000. If they finish third, they will get R1,2 million, while the runners-up get R1,5 million. Banyana are in Group B with reigning champions Nigeria, their opponents in the opening match on 18 November. Also in the group are Kenya and Zambia. Coach Desiree Ellis, who has made the bold statement that World Cup qualification is non-negotiable, selected a balanced squad of 21 players, with four players – Kholosa Biyana, Rachel Sebati, Thato Letsoso and Hilda Magaia – on standby. Ellis admits that it was a difficult task to select the final squad, which also features two uncapped players in Amanda Mthandi from University of Johannesburg and Tiisetso Makhubela of Mamelodi Sundowns, who are set to make their senior team debuts. Ellis said: “All the players raised their hands, it was not an easy task to select the final squad. “But I am confident that the players we have chosen will do the business for the country. Too many times we have come close to winning the tournament, I think with the preparations we have had, we are ready for the competition.” Banyana will jet off to Ghana and have already lined up an international friendly against the hosts at Accra Stadium on Sunday. The players on standby will also travel with the team and will return to South Africa after the international friendly.