IT HAS been a brilliant week for the Van Zyl family! First, retired sprinter LJ van Zyl received the Tuks Athletics Athlete of the Century accolade earlier this week. And then his wife Irvette van Zyl smashed the Old Mutual Soweto Marathon course record at FNB Stadium yesterday, clocking a time of 2:33:43 to defend her marathon title. Irvette became the first South African woman to hold the record when she broke the 2:36:02 benchmark set by Lesotho’s Mamorallo Tjoka in 2011. Irvette and LJ were blessed with the birth of their second son five months ago and the good things just seem to keep coming for them! Irvette’s victory was witnessed by SA Sport Minister Thokozile Xasa, Gauteng MEC for Sport and Recreation Faith Mazibuko and the City of Joburg mayor Herman Mashaba. Her victory completed a clean sweep for the Nedbank Running Club as Ethiopian road running wizard, Sintayehu Legese Yinesu, won the men’s race stopping the clock on 2:19:10 to win his fourth Soweto title in five years. Lesotho’s Lebenya Nkoka finished second (2:20:31), while Legese’s compatriot Daba Ifa Debele settled for third in a time of 2:21:13. The men’s and women’s winner each pocketed a winner’s purse of R250 000. Irvette said she and her husband would go on a cruise holiday to celebrate their biggest year. She led the race from start to finish and dominated Lesotho’s Tjoka, who is battling the flu but still managed to secure second spot in a time of 2:37:12. Former winner, Selam Abere Alebachew of Ethiopia, was third (2:44:50). Said Van Zyl: “It has been a fantastic year for us. Not long ago we celebrated LJ’s amazing achievement at Tuks and now I have won back-to-back Soweto Marathon titles. The feeling is indescribable, I feel blessed. I didn’t think I would record such a fast time. I didn’t think I could run 2:33:00 on a windy day on a hilly route.” The race was run in cold conditions with a bit of wind, which made things tricky for the runners. Van Zyl aims to win her third title in 2019. She was third in 2016 before winning last year’s event. Legese said he loves running the Soweto Marathon and advised SA male athletes to develop a winning attitude. Michael Mazibuko was the last South African to win the men’s race in 2011. Said Legese: “SA athletes are not lazy, they just lack the speed to win this race. They don’t have a winning mentality.”