AS WE recover from the challenging Soweto Marathon, SunWellbeing noticed that there were runners with some bad habits. Many runners experience pain during the marathon – because 42km is a severe test of endurance and willpower – but some popped painkillers to get through the worst of it. A recent study by UP Sport, Exercise, Medicine and Lifestyle Institute said some athletes and race organisers did not know the dangerous risks of taking painkillers when attempting a race. “Runners are using these types of medicine to relieve injury and strain discomfort. “By hiding from the pain, the runners can complete the race faster and feel that they’re recovering quicker,” said the institute’s director Professor Martin Schwellnus. However, the problems caused by analgesics – as painkillers are called – and anti-inflammatory medication are greatly underestimated. “Many are available over-the-counter and self-administered by athletes before or during events without a doctor’s advice,” said Prof Schwellnus. The study was conducted by UP sport and exercise medicine postgrad Adrian Rotunno, supervised by Schwellnus and Prof Christa Janse van Rensburg. It focused on 76 654 runners who entered the annual Old Mutual Two Oceans Marathon in Cape Town, both the half-marathon (21km) and the ultramarathon (56km). The study looked at the participants’ health, medical history and use of analgesics and anti-inflammatory medication. Previous research already discovered these two medicines were commonly abused by athletes in training, at the start of a race and during it. Runners with runner’s knee, Achilles tendinitis and other injuries are more likely to abuse the meds as well as runners with a history of muscle cramps and skeletal, muscle and joint injuries. “Muscle cramps are painful but involuntary muscle contractions that happen often, which is why runners abuse medicine,” said Schwellnus. Runners reported to have chronic heart disease symptoms were more likely to abuse the medication just before the race. Results also showed that women and older runners had a significantly higher chance of medication abuse.