Bafana Bafana midfielder Hlompho Kekana says he is ready for the physical battle in midfield, should he be on the starting line-up when they come up against the Super Eagles of Nigeria in their AFCON qualifier on Saturday at the FNB Stadium (3pm) With Bafana Bafana light in the central midfield position due to injuries to the likes of Bongani Zungu, Dean Furman and Kamohelo Mokotjo, Kekana is almost guaranteed a starting place. He overcame his own injury woes which ruled him out of the away clash against Seychelles last month. Bafana played out to a disappointing goalless draw against the islanders after thrashing them 6-0 at home a few days earlier. The result left them occupying second place in Group E with 8 points, one point behind the Super Eagles who are on 9 points at the top of the group. Kekana, who is set to come up against the likes of Oghenekaro Etebo and John Ogu in the middle of the park, says it is important for them to stamp their authority and not be intimidated. “Obviously when you play the Nigerians or any West African team you have to be ready mentally because they will bully you around,” he said. “So it’s for us to really fight and try to protect our home game – we are going to try by all means to win the match.” Likely to partner Kekana in midfield is Mamelodi Sundowns teammate Tiyani “Sugar” Mabunda who has received a lot of praise from his club coach Pitso Mosimane for his leadership qualities. Mabunda has been tipped to take over the armband at Chloorkop but in the meantime, he and Kekana make a mean central midfield pairing. However, Kekana is not concerned about who Coach Stuart Baxter decides to go with on Saturday as long as they do their best for the country. “The personnel really doesn’t matter that much, we’ve got the responsibility to represent our country so the goal is just to win the match. “Whoever plays must do their best for the country, the three points is all that matters.” Victory for either team would see them book their spot at AFCON 2019 set to take place in Cameroon. Bafana will be buoyed by their unbeaten run so far in the qualifiers, as well as the fact that they were able to beat Nigeria 2-0 away in Uyo last year.   