Television and radio personality Azania Musaka took to her Instagram account to recall how she neglected herself while hustling and chasing the good life. She spoke out about how she prioritised relationships and things that were not good for her. She wrote: “From 2011 to early 2017 I prioritized and did things that were not good for me. I neglected my well being. Long days, working hard, often 7 days a week, eating on the run, eating badly, de-stressing over drinks with friends, inconsistent with exercise...had no time to evaluate my life, my relationships, my path. I didn’t even recognize how far I had wondered away from myself. I was building a castle. Had to build a castle (isn’t that the goal?)...just on a treadmill to collapse and exhaustion. I had a drawn out slow crash. Didn’t like the life I was living. I was anxious, tired and unhappy. What Kagiso Msimango describes “as a life of quiet desperation”. No amount of new stilettos could fix it. Or new furniture. Or new project. No relationship could fix it. No amount of dinners, engagements and level of busyness could fix it. Sounds bleak doesn’t it ?? One step at a time, I went back to the things I love. That filled my spirit. Cleared my home of unnecessary, unused things, went back to the theatre, movies and art. I started replying non-priority messages (I had neglected a few people you see) committed to gym and yoga. Most importantly, I cook, I walk, go on hikes AND I went back to my gardening....An interest many would call ‘boring’. ??But I accept that I’m ‘boring’ then ?? I see a therapist and do breath work with her to reset and connect my mind, body and soul. (She is in these pics as well). Self-care comes first. Everything else second. Now even when things get difficult, I breathe my way through it. I hope you find your teachers and guides. Today, thank you to Dr Ela Manga, Nthabi Taukubong @ditauinteriors Mpho Tshukudu @mphotshukudu_rd Sunlight Extra for an energizing morning. #InspiredByNature #LiveInspired 