Lifestyle and beauty blogger Mihlali Ndamase was the talk of the town on Monday night. The vlogger was trending on after a Twitter user called said beauty average and medium. Mihlali is said to be the girlfriend of Banele Mbere of Major League DJZ. She has just celebrated an incredible milestone of reaching 100 000 subscribers on her YouTube channel. Her profile says she is a South African Social media influencer, YouTuber (Mihlali N) and certified makeup artist who is popular for her Youtube make up tutorial. She was born and raised by her grandmother in Kokstad, a small town in KwaZulu Natal in South Africa. Now the twitter war was about whether she is a drop dead gorgeous or just an ordinary beauty. Twitter user LadyZeentlee@zintlemqee sparked the debate after she tweeted that Mohali is average."Mihlali is average. FULL STOP." When Twitter users took her on, @zintlemqee did not back down.She tweeted: "Did you know there are way nicer and beautiful girls than that Mihlali. Mihlali is nothing babes. Scare us with real prettier faces. Mihlali is a medium." Twitter was divided over the issue. Mihlali is average. FULL STOP  Did you know there are way nicer and beautiful girls than that Mihlali. Mihlali is nothing babes. Scare us with real prettier faces. Mihlali is a medium https://t.co/GDCSYWwESR "Than that Mihlali" Lmaoo this really comes from a dark place ?? https://t.co/yvKUe6KDQI If Mihlali is average, where are we guys?? WHERE ARE WE? pic.twitter.com/2ifXUxPjz7  It's fine if you think that Mihlali is average but why are you pressedt that we think she's gorgeous?? What has Mihlali ever do to some of you?  Y’all just drag people who mind their business. Whuu People who hate on Mihlali are definitely on heavy drugs ?? have you seen that girl's face?! So Mihlali is trending because y'all are fighting a girl that said she doesnt find her beautiful?Dont get me wrong, I find her very beautiful, but if someone else thinks she isnt then thats their opinion??‍??.. Does it really have to be a debate? Again?? Y'all have anergy! Both the people that want to say Mihlali is average and the ones that are willing to die on the hill to "prove" that she isn't are acting like they've never seen a light skinned person before. Is Mihlali the new benchmark for beauty? lol pic.twitter.com/dEcxVpHbhB with mihlali's face i really wouldn't be bothered at anything people are saying about how i look. ?? You are seriously fighting over Mihlali???????? ,now I have seen it all Mihlali is beautiful but she ain't no angel. pic.twitter.com/t9O7rOg9GB Ubani uMihlali? and why is that girl saying shes average and why are people defending Mihlali ?.. Mihlali udume ngan le cherry imbangisani? why is this even a debate ngempela ? pic.twitter.com/746SSLOeO5 