THE Tembisa United Football Association (TUFA) is doing everything in its power to keep youth in the East Rand off the streets, where they often get up to no good. The kasi has seen a number of youngsters fall victim to drugs, crime and poverty – the scourges of many of Mzansi’s communities. Tembisa’s local football association along with its sponsor Hatfield VW use football to prevent such outcomes by running the Hatfield VW League for Under-13, Under-15 and Under-17 age groups. Not only does the league help keep the youth of Tembisa occupied for the better part of the year but it also plays an important role in the development of future soccer stars. After a long season, the youngsters were rewarded for their efforts when the association held its annual prize-giving ceremony at the Makhulong Stadium, home to PSL side Highlands Park, on Sunday. The best performing teams in all the age groups were recognised and presented with cash prizes and brand new playing kits. The officials who made sure the players kept their discipline on the field, were also rewarded with brand new uniforms, watches, whistles and cards. Chairman of the association and Highlands Park shareholder Sinky “Twalaza” Mnisi said the township had a lot of talent that would previously go to waste. He said: “It is important for us to look after the kids, jointly with the parents and as an association. We’re playing our role. “We are touching lives and changing lives, the little we can do for this community ravaged by drugs makes a massive difference. Along with our sponsors, we are doing our best to make this community better. “We would like to see many more players get groomed here and perform in the top leagues one day. “And those who might not make it to the top, we are just glad to take them off the streets.” Mnisi said development had to go beyond the players – officials also needed to be groomed from a young age. “There is always room for the standard of officiating to improve, not only in South Africa but the whole world. “We are also looking to groom good quality future officials and to help young kids in the township see that there is a career in officiating. The next Victor Hlungwane could be roaming these streets undiscovered.”