PROSTATE cancer and prostate checks are important topics of men’s health. Older men need regular prostate checks to detect, diagnose and treat prostate problems early for better chances of survival. The prostate gland The prostate is part of the male reproductive system. It sits below the bladder and in front of the anus. It’s about the size of a walnut and weighs about 20g. While it is mostly made up of muscle, the prostate is a gland because it produces and releases secretions. The main function of the prostate is to produce prostate fluid which carries sperm and is needed for other functions. Production As a gland, the prostate’s secretions include prostate fluid, prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and an enzyme. About a third of semen is milky-white prostate fluid. The prostate fluid helps transport sperm through the urethra and its alkaline pH aids in sperms’ survival in the acidic environment of the vagina. The prostate gland also produces the enzyme. PSA forces semen to stay liquid so sperm can freely swim. PSA dissolves the blocking cervical mucus, which lets sperm swim into the uterus. While it is present in the semen of men with healthy prostates, an increase is a strong indication of a prostate problem. In addition to prostate fluid and PSA, the prostate gland also produces a hormone called 5-alpha-reductase. This hormone converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone, a form of testosterone that increases the male sex drive and function. Erection Within the shell of the prostate gland is a collection of nerves called the prostatic plexus. These nerves trigger increased blood flow in the penis, allowing it to become erect. Ejaculation During ejaculation, millions of sperm move from the testicles to the prostate through the long vas deferens tubes. The ring of prostate muscles, or sphincter, shuts the bladder off from the urethra. That’s why men are not be able to pee with an erection. If you can pee with an erection, see a doctor. The muscles push the semen with sperm through the urethra during ejaculation. Filter The prostate gland also filters toxins to protect the sperm. While this increases sperm quality, it is also one of the reasons of rising incidence of prostate cancer and other diseases, which is another reason we need to watch our diets and environments. Prostate awareness As you can see, the prostate is a vital organ. Men should go for regular prostate exams from the age of 50. Did you know that a simple blood test can effectively diagnose prostate cancer and save your life? For more prostate information visit www.here4you.co.za