IT’S a tough week for SuperSport United and their coach Kaitano Tembo, but injuries seem to be worsening the situation for the master tactician. Matsatsantsa a Pitori will go into their Absa Premiership encounter against in-form Bloemfontein Celtic at the Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium in Bloemfontein tonight (7.30pm) without several of their key players. Tembo’s charges have a tricky assignment against Steve Komphela’s men in the Free State before hosting their cross town rivals Mamelodi Sundowns in the Tshwane derby at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville on Saturday afternoon. Speaking at the OR Tambo international airport before the Tshwane giants departed for the City of Roses yesterday, Tembo said he is sweating over the fitness of a couple of his key players. Skipper Dean Furman, Thabo Mnyamane, Bradley Grobler, Morgan Gould and Clayton Daniels did not make the trip to Bloemfontein. The Zimbabwean mentor was hoping to use the Fifa international break and the Telkom Knockout week to fast track the return of his influential players. However, not all hope is lost as some of them will be back in time for the big derby at the weekend. For now Tembo will call on youngsters such as Kamohelo Mahlatsi (20) and Luke Fleurs (19) to plug some of the gaps left by the regular players in the starting line-up. Celtic are third on the log with 20 points from 23 games, while Matsatsantsa a Pitori are sixth with 18 points from the same number of games. The Tshwane-based outfit have five matches to play before the league goes into the Christmas recess, and Tembo is targeting as many points from the remaining games before the conclusion of the calendar year. Tembo said: “The Fifa week was bad for us where we were hoping to get all the players back to full fitness, before the game against Celtic but it wasn’t to be. “But it’s also an opportunity for other players to grab the opportunity to get game time. We have confidence in our young players. It’s a big week for us against two good teams in Celtic and Sundowns. We are hoping to get a positive result against a team that is enjoying a good run, and it won’t be easy away from home.” Matsatsantsa collected three points in their previous league match before the break when they defeated Free State Stars 1-0 in Bethlehem, which saw coach Luc Eymael fired. Tembo is hoping they will continue with their rich vein of form and amass six points against the two stubborn sides – Celtic and Sundowns.  