THE only direction Luc Eymael could be heading is north! Following his resignation as Free State Stars coach yesterday, speculation mounted that Eymael was heading to Black Leopards, who fired coach Joel Masutha yesterday morning. Speaking to SunSport, Eymael wanted to play coy, saying Al Hilal of Sudan could be his next destination “but I like South Africa more. “My preferences are obviously Belgium, South Africa and other countries,” Eymael said, also indicating that he was not happy at Stars. The feeling was apparently mutual as Stars were not happy with his lack of promising results. When SunSport asked if he was going to Leopards, Eymael responded by innocently asking: “Did Leopards fire their coach? I don’t know about going to Leopards – what I do know is that I will get a job soon,” he added.“I have until the end of this month to make up my mind. I have been getting calls from all over, I just have to decide which offer to take.“Egyptian clubs have also shown interest in me.”But SunSport reported two months ago that Eymael was in talks with Leopards with the hopes of landing a contract with the Thohoyandou-based side.Confirming his resignation yesterday, Eymael said it was best for both parties to part ways while they were still on good terms.“They (the management) were not happy with the results and I was also not happy with some things,” Eymael told SunSport without elaborating further.On his Twitter account, Eymael said: “We separated on mutual agreement. Thanks to the committee, staff and players whom I have worked with for over a year. We had the biggest achievements together. Happy to have worked with you guys.”He reckons his timing was right as it gives Stars’ management ample time find a replacement during this Fifa break, which will only see clubs return to action in two weeks’ time.Stars general manager Rantsi Mokoena confirmed in a statement that they would use the Fifa break to find a new coach.Stars have not won any of their last three matches and Eymael has dumped the Free Staters on the eve of their Caf Confederation Cup clash with Makura Victory Sports on 28 November.They are ninth in the PSL standings with 13 points from 14 matches. 