The highly-anticipated Global Citizen Festival: Mandela 100 concert is taking place this Sunday, 02 December 2018. And considering the fact that the free-ticketed festival boasts an incredible line-up that rivals all other line-ups and that it is Beyonce Knowles’s first time performing in South Africa in years, the tickets are highly sought-after. This of course means that thousands of people around the country will be left disappointed to be missing the action at the stadium. But fret not, there are several ways to catch Beyonce in all her glory live from anywhere in the world. A combination of live, highlights and exclusive behind-the-scenes content broadcasts of the epic event held in Madiba’s honour will be aired on numerous platforms. The festival, which is presented and hosted by the Motsepe Foundation will air across the African continent on DStv, SABC, Canal+, and across the entire world on MTV International. US citizens can also catch broadcast highlights of the concert on MSNBC and on 150 iHeartMedia stations. In addition, the Global Citizen Festival: Mandela 100 concert will be live-streamed on YouTube and Twitter, Presented by Johnson & Johnson. In total, over 180 countries across six continents will have access to a live broadcast of the concert. “DStv will broadcast the event live to all its satellite customers throughout South Africa and sub-Saharan Africa on a dedicated channel (199). It will also serve as host broadcaster, feeding the telecast to our media partners around the world. SABC will carry the show live across South Africa on SABC1. Canal+ will broadcast the show to its audience across Francophone Africa. The live broadcast will include select performances by Beyoncé and JAY-Z,” said Global Citizen. MTV International will bring the festival to fans in nearly 180 countries and territories outside the US, from Australia to Argentina and beyond, mixing edited highlights with live performances from Johannesburg. Meanwhile, MTV Base will debut a two-hour, “best of” special after the initial broadcast for its audience in South Africa and nearly 50 countries across sub-Saharan Africa. All the action will begin at 14:00 CAT across all platforms. iHeartMedia will broadcast live from FNB Stadium on Sunday, 02 December from 21:00 ET to 00:00 ET and will air on 150 radio stations across the U.S. and stream on the iHeartRadio app. Legendary radio personality, Charlamagne Tha God will be in the country to host the iHeartMedia broadcast.  