BLACK Leopards coach Joel Masutha says his charges are ready to sink their teeth into the inconsistent Kaizer Chiefs. The teams will battle it out in an Absa Premiership match at FNB Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Masutha says they are ready to avenge the Telkom Knockout defeat to Chiefs on penalties after the teams’ 1-1 draw on 21 October. Said Masutha: “We were brave in the Telkom Knockout, we played without fear. We showed that we can do it and if we are consistent, we can get a result. “We are not going to FNB to park the bus and wait for Chiefs to come at us. I believe my boys will attack, as the surface suits us, we can move the ball quicker.” Masutha said they would go all out to repay their fans who always rally behind the team through thick and thin. He went on: “I value our supporters and put them in the same bracket as our players for being loyal through the good times and the bad. It’s time that we repay them with maximum points and there is no better way to do it than beating the mighty Kaizer Chiefs.” Although Amakhosi’s league record has been poor this season, having won a mere three game in 11 outings, Masutha stressed that it would be suicidal to underestimate them.The Soweto giants will go into the match with their tails up, having registered a morale-boosting 1-0 win over SuperSport United in Durban at the weekend to set up a TKO semifinal date with rivals Orlando Pirates.Explained Masutha: “Chiefs showed a lot of hunger against SuperSport. They didn’t rely only on their technical ability, they mixed it with their physical strength. Even though our style differs from SuperSport’s, I think they will employ the same game plan. But we are ready for any situation they throw at us,”The former Lidoda Duvha star is confident Lady Luck will soon smile on them, considering they have won only two games this season.Their victories came at the expense of neighbours Baroka FC and Polokwane City, who were both beaten 1-0. Leopards are currently 12th with nine points.“Two wins in nine games are not good statistics. We have a small team with a lot of inexperienced players. I don’t blame them – we have been playing well, but we’ve been unlucky. Things haven’t gone our way.“This team will beat a lot of teams this season, I am confident our position will improve.”Meanwhile, Amakhosi’s man of the moment, Ramahlwe “Rama” Mphahlele, told his club’s official website that they would bring the same fighting spirit they showed against SuperSport United in the Telkom Knockout. Mphahlele scored a beautiful goal to knock SuperSport out of the cup competition.He said: “We must get stuck in. They (Leopards) like to play and won’t sit back, parking the bus. They also have a good coach in Joel Masutha.“It promises to be an exciting game to watch.”