Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan is expected to deliver his much-awaited testimony on Monday at the state capture inquiry in Joburg. Gordhan was said to be angry after his sworn statement, prepared for the judicial inquiry into state capture headed by Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo, was leaked to the media before his appearance. News24 previously reported that the statement details how: After Gordhan's statement was leaked, the EFF laid a charge against him with the Public Protector, as he had previously stated in an answer to a parliamentary question that he had not met the Guptas. EFF leader Julius Malema said in a press conference that there was a plot against them, led by Gordhan and Treasury officials. This follows reports on the party's links to looting at VBS Mutual Bank, through Brian Shivambu - the younger brother of the party's deputy president Floyd Shivambu. Shivambu sent a letter containing 33 questions to Gordhan. Many of the questions relate to the so-called "rogue unit" at the South African Revenue Service and why Malema was charged with tax evasion in 2012. The party also wants to know about Gordhan's relationship with Canada. Gordhan appeared to be in good spirits ahead of his testimony, according to the Sunday Tribune. "You guys will have some entertainment on Monday and possibly on Tuesday. I will be appearing at the Zondo Commission. So have fun," he reportedly said at a gala dinner in Umhlanga on Friday. The EFF don't seem to be entertained by the prospect of his testimony and are expected to protest outside the commission, in Parktown, on Monday morning. Eyewitness News reported on Sunday that former Eskom CEO Brian Molefe had been extended the opportunity to either give evidence before the state capture inquiry or to call or question witnesses. Molefe would not confirm whether he had been invited to appear. When contacted by News24, Molefe mumbled comment about the media house and then said the word "no".When asked if this "no" was suggesting he had not been invited to appear before the state capture inquiry, the call was cut. Attempts by News24 to confirm with the Zondo commission that Molefe had been invited were unsuccessful.