YET ANOTHER source of embarrassment has been added to the tattered reputation of the public broadcaster. A commission of inquiry has found there was sexual harassment and relentless asking of favours by senior managers from juniors. THE SABC IS LIKE A BROTHEL RUN BY PROSTITUTES, SAID ONE WORKER. “The problem with them is that they are cunning. They are shrewd and arrogant. They also know how to protect themselves and what to say,” said Barbara Watson, one of the commissioners at the Commission of Inquiry into Sexual Harassment. The commission, under Watson and Mfanozelwe Shozi, was appointed in June to investigate sexual harassment at the corporation. Its final report to the SABC board was accepted in full. Watson and Shozi delivered their recommendations and the findings at a press briefing yesterday. They said the unions don’t care about the way employees are sexually harassed. One of the objectives of the inquiry was to determine whether there is a trend of sexual harassment at the SABC. Shozi said while special favours were always asked for, those favours often resulted in both parties benefiting. “This resulted in victims not coming forward because they feared being fired,” said Shozi. “In one station in KZN, the employees said the Indian men regarded the station as their fiefdom. Leadership is totally lacking at that station.” He said not a single male had approached them. He regarded human resources as useless because culprits normally got away scot free, without even a suspension. “We feel that human resources staff should get training, especially on sexual harassment matters,” Shozi said. He said all those accused denied allegations of sexual harassment and gender-based violence. Watson said a strong belief exists that HR and senior managers covered up for alleged perpetrators. She said: “There is strong fear of losing jobs if the truth is told.” The lack of trust and loss of confidence in HR and the SABC’s ability to address gender-based violence added to the discrimination in the workplace, the inquiry found. In total, 10 cases were lodged directly by victims, while seven were lodged by whistleblowers. There were 11 alleged offenders and 25 SABC officials were interviewed. 