ORLANDO Pirates coach Rhulani Mokwena is a breath of fresh air to local football. With his undoubted passion for the game, the vibrant Mokwena has not only endeared himself to the Bucs faithful but to fans in general. Mokwena has seen his stature grow, working as an assistant coach to Bucs boss Milutin Sredojevic. But for him it is all about continuous personal development and about developing the players. Mokwena is part of the Powerade Performance Academies campaign to celebrate coaches in the country. It is about the “ordinary” coaches who go on to do extraordinary things and being recognised for the efforts in developing young talent that goes on to shine on the international stage. The final leg of the campaign was recently hosted in Joburg the final leg, after stops in Durban, Port Elizabeth and Cape Town, where coaches in attendance were inspired and empowered by insightful performance experts running an interactive one-day seminar. Among the experts in Jozi Mokwena, social media law specialist Emma Sadlier, Andrew Horton a Time Management Training and Sports Performance coach Iain Shippey. “We are focusing on how we develop the human being before focusing on developing the athlete,” said Mokwena. “That’s important in modern day society because of the advancement of technology and the importance of how the society works. “We have to ty to improve on ourselves as coaches so we can improve the athletes. The universe invests in people who invest in themselves. And that’s the message we are trying to transfer to the players.” Powerade Sponsorship Manager Puso Makume said: “It’s been an incredible year of empowerment for school coaches. We are committed to driving a coaching evolution in South Africa, ensuring that born sportsmen and sportswomen are introduced to the science of correct training and benefits of proper hydration.” To further enrich coaches to connect the coaches across the country, Powerade has also introduced a Powerade Facebook community called the Coaches Corner where coaches can interact and share their daily challenges and celebrations with their peers. 