HOPE springs eternal for Ajax Cape Town as they head back to court yet again over the Tendai Ndoro saga. This time they are seeking that the court set aside the ruling by arbitrator William Mokhari, which effectively relegated the Urban Warriors from the Absa Premiership. Advocate Mokhari found Ajax guilty of fielding Ndoro in three PSL fixtures while he was ineligible to play. As a result, Ajax forfeited the matches against Platinum Stars, Polokwane City and SuperSport United, losing all three games 3-0 and getting slapped with a R50 000 fine for each offence. Subsequent permutations on the log standings saw bottom-placed Platinum Stars dislodge Ajax in 15th spot and earn a place in the recently concluded promotion play-offs. But Ajax have fresh cause for optimism as they return to the South Gauteng High Court, seeking to have Mokhari’s verdict overturned. Such an outcome would see them restored to 15th place in the Absa Premiership, possibly forcing the PSL to restart the promotion play-offs, already won by Black Leopards. High Court judge Raylene Keightley dismissed their urgent application to interdict the play-offs. But she gave Ajax until 22 May to submit their documentation for the second appeal to the court for review and to decide on Mokhari’s ruling. The saga began when Orlando Pirates and Polokwane City lodged a protest with the PSL disciplinary committee after Ajax contravened Fifa rules and fielded Ndoro. The Zimbabwean began the 2017-18 season on the books of Orlando Pirates, left and joined Saudi Arabian first division side, Al Faisaly, before returning to the PSL to sign with the Urban Warriors in January. Fifa rules prohibit a player from playing for three different teams in one season. Ajax boss Ari Efstathiou could not be reached for comment yesterday. But he has been quoted slamming the harshness of their punishment, saying it was unprecedented. “The league handbook states that a player may not be registered if he does not comply with all the requirements in the NSL handbook,” said Efstathiou. “If you get issued a card you can play. “The PSL executive was not clear on the eligibility rule and gave it to senior counsel to consider. “The Dispute Resolution Committee ruling clearly states that we were cleared to play Ndoro in all matches.”