The office of the Premier of the North West Province has
suffered pervasive irrational executive decisions and poor financial decisions
as far back as the 2014/15 financial year. National Treasury director general Dond NEWS24o Mogajane said this
at the National Treasury's briefing to Parliament on Wednesday follows former
premier Supra Mahumapelo, who assumed office after the 2014 national election,
stepping down as provincial leader. Mogajane gave a damning account of the state of the North West,
with Treasury listing failure to provide oversight and leadership in service
delivery and the intimidation of provincial departments, among other things. Intimidation, lie detectors Intimidation included imposing lie detector tests for
finance personnel. Treasury also found that R10m worth of spending on social
services was diverted. Mahumapelo was replaced by Tebogo Mokgoro in June, after the
former famously created "the essence of the absence of presence" from
office. Government has since implemented an intervention for five
departments in the North West provincial government in terms of Section 100 of
the Constitution, which empowers the national executive to take remedial action
where a provincial government cannot fulfil its Constitutional obligations. Addressing Parliament's ad hoc committee on interventions
into the North West government and the select committee on finance, Mogajane
said the provincial government's great weakness was not lack of funding, but
poor supply chain management. "There is no possibility that the North West government
will shut down because it doesn't have money. "It is because of a poor supply chain management
system," said Mogajane. He also told MPs the provincial government had R15.3bn in
irregular expenditure at the end of March 2017. This meant the irregular expenditure had increased
consistently at an average of R2.1bn per year from the R8.6bn in the 2014/15
financial year, he added. The North West provincial government’s budget in 2017/18
financial year stands at R39.6bn, with underspending of R834m. The provincial departments of Education, Public Works, Community
Safety, Health and the office of the premier incurred irregular expenditure due
to non-compliance with National Treasury regulations and supply chain
management guidelines. Among other governance decisions that were questioned was
the fact that North West Parks and the Tourism Board were shifted to the office
of the premier in the 2014/15 financial year. NEWS24 