OUT with the old and in with the new! This is certainly the case with the new SA Football Association (Safa) national executive council (NEC) as some bigwigs – Lucas Nhlapo, Elvis Sishana, Abel Rakoma and Nomsa Mahlangu – find themselves out in the cold. Former vice-presidents, Nhlapo and Sishana, will have bosses to answer to after they failed to make the cut in the new executive council at the elective congress on Saturday. Running unopposed, Danny Jordaan was re-elected as Safa president after his challenger, Ace Ncobo, withdrew from the presidential race hours before the elections. The new executive council will have its first meeting on Sunday where the appointment of the three vice-presidents will be finalised. This means Jordaan will have new lieutenants in the places of Nhlapo and Sishana. Xolile Nkompela, who was co-opted as a fourth Safa vice president last year, is set to retain his position while Irvin Khoza returns by virtue of being the PSL chairman. Ria Ledwaba is also favoured to take up the second vice-president position based on the resolution of last year’s extraordinary congress that one of the four vice-president positions should be reserved for a woman. Ledwaba has emerged as a favourite ahead of the other two women, Natasha Tsichlas and Emma Hendricks, who were also voted into the new council. Tsichlas, however, could be a surprise choice for the third vice president position, though she faces some stiffer challenge from Mxolisi Sibam. It is completely “in with the new”, though, after the likes of Bafana Bafana legend Phil Masinga could not be voted into the executive council. Jordaan could not hide his disappointment that none of the ex-players have made the executive, explaining their skills and expertise were needed in administration. “When we talk about the future of football we have to find another mechanism to say ‘how can we have a coaches organisation that plans for the future of SA football and the technical side but not have their members in the council?’. It doesn’t make sense.” Despite the controversy that preceded elections, the electoral committee and Fifa representatives who attended the congress declared the entire process “free, fair and very transparent”. Safa reports that Cosafa and Zimbabwe Football Association (Zifa) president, Phillip Chiyangwa, has congratulated Jordaan on his re-election. He said: “He is by far one of the best administrators on the continent, though at times a prophet has no honour in his own land. He is an asset to the continent and our region.”