A woman was found dead in the belly of an 7-metre-long
python. She was previously reported missing. She was recovered from the giant snake that was captured
and killed near the place where she went missing. NDTV and The Times of Israel reported that on Friday,
the villagers killed the swollen snake and emptied its stomach on the island
of Muna, offshore of Sulawesi. Muna Police chief Agung Ramos Paretongan Sinaga said the
housewife disappeared on Thursday night after she went to inspect her
plantation around 1km away from her house. Wa Tiba's family became anxious as she did not return
home even the next day. Her sister went looking for her at the plantation, only to
find her footprints, a torch, slippers and a machete on the ground. Wa Tiba's family and villagers launched a search for her. Another police official said that villagers found the
giant serpent lying about 30 metres from Wa Tiba's sandals and machete, adding
she was swallowed head first and her body was found intact. When they cut open the snakes belly they found Tibas body
still intact with all her clothes. She was swallowed
first from her head. According to Faris, the victims garden is located in a
rocky area with caves and cliffs believed to contain many snakes. Giant pythons are commonly found in Indonesia and the
Philippines. Though they have been known to attack small animals, attempts to
eat people are rare. Reticulated pythons, which are widespread in Indonesia
and other parts of Southeast Asia, grab onto their prey with dozens of sharp
curved teeth and then squeeze it to death before swallowing it whole. It was the second python attack on a human in Indonesia
since March last year, when a 25-year-old man was swallowed whole by a python
in West Sulawesi province. In March 2017, another farmer was killed by a python in
the village of Salubiro on Sulawesi island. An Indonesian woman has been found in the belly of a
giant python after the swollen snake was captured near where she vanished while
tending her vegetable garden, police said Saturday. 