LET your kids learn early that good nutritional habits start young. With the launch of the Healthier Kids schools initiative, in partnership with the department of basic education, Nestlé wants to promote the overall health and wellbeing of Mzansi children. Education Children need to be taught about nutrition along with reading and writing. They should know how each food group, vitamins and minerals affects a person’s body. To help teach children, cut out various foods from a magazine and use them to identify each of the food groups: Grains and starches, fruits and vegetables, meat, milk, and fats and oils. Encourage your child to identify each and place the image or item in the matching food group container. Get them involved Get your kids to grow their own vegetables. Winter veggies are cauliflower, broad beans and snap peas. Plan ahead and partition your fridge or pantry into sections. Use different colour stickers on each section to identify elements from the five different food groups. Keep it interesting If you make a list of ingredients under each of the five food groups, including snacks and treats, you’ll find out many delicious options to keep lunch time exciting. - Starchy foods such as bread, rice, potatoes or pasta. You can use brown, whole grain or seeded bread or rolls, rice or corncakes, whole grain crackers or pap. - Dairy such as sugar-free yoghurt, reduced fat cheese or milk. Make sure they are chilled in a cooler bag or next to a frozen water bottle. - Veggies and fruit such as carrot sticks, cucumber slices, cherry tomatoes or strawberries, apple slices, banana and grapes are all great lunch box additions. To stop fruit from going brown, squeeze a bit of lemon juice over them. - Fats and oils such as avocado, nuts and eggs are packed with good fats and oils which helps fuel your child’s growth. - An occasional surprise such as a bite size chocolate is a great idea. Encourage exercise Getting kids off their phones and moving is essential for their development. Kids need at least 60 minutes of exercise and play a day. Get your kids outside so they can enjoy the benefits of fresh air, sunshine and fun.