WHEN Simphiwe Kalo (41) complained about the municipal workers constantly damaging his mother’s tombstone with their tractor, he got some bad news. Simpihiwe was told that his beloved mum’s grave was facing the wrong way! Now Simphiwe and his siblings want their mum exhumed and reburied. They refuse to install the tombstone over her feet. Simphiwe, from Boitekong near Rustenburg, North West said when he asked about the grave violations, he was told that the dead in that section of the cemetery had to lie head-to-head to ensure that workers had enough space to move around. Simphiwe said this was never communicated to them when they bought graves for their parents, who died in 2012. “If we want the tombstone to be at her head we must exhume the body and turn it around to face the head of the grave near it. Exhuming the dead, or putting a tombstone over the feet, is against our culture. We must slaughter, invite our elderly relatives from the Eastern Cape and perform a ritual to appease my dead mother,” he said. Simphiwe said he approached the municipality but wasn’t offered any help. Rustenburg municipal spokesman Andrew Seome said the head-to-head system was needed for proper maintenance and to save burial space. “The system allows the tractor to cut the grass without danger of damaging tombstones,” said Seome. He said a notice in this regard was published in the local newspaper in 2011 and that the municipality had spent a lot of money on cement curbs to guide families on how they were expected to erect their tombstones. “This matter was also discussed with all the funeral service providers using our facilities,” Seome said. He said the municipality’s role in the exhumation process was to observe and arrange for police and the health inspectors to be part of the process. “The complainant wanted the municipality to cover the travelling and accommodation costs of his relatives from the Eastern Cape and to buy goats on his behalf. The municipality does not pay for ceremonies.”