SENEGAL head coach Aliou Cisse and his Colombia counterpart Jose Pekerman won’t have to write inspiring pre-match team talks for their next game. The significance of this Group H encounter, set for the Samara Arena this afternoon (4pm), speaks for itself and the importance of the match will not be lost on a single Senegalese or Colombian player, with a spot in the 2018 Fifa World Cup Russia Round of 16 at stake. Colombia come off an electric performance in a 3-0 victory over Poland that kept their knockout round qualification hopes alive after they lost 2-1 to Japan in their opening match, while Senegal drew 2-2 with the Samurai Blue after beating the Poles 2-1 at the start of their campaign. This match will be like a mini-final for the Lions of Teranga, who showed some defensive weaknesses in the 2-2 draw with Japan, an area of their game that will need to be on song against Falcao and his band of brothers. Fans across the world can expect a counter-attacking performance from Senegal, similar to the one that brought them victory against Poland. With Senegal needing only one point to progress to the knockout stage, Colombia have the pressure of dictating the game from kick-off. Los Cafeteros will have to win the ball and keep possession to determine the pace and rhythm of the game. Carlos Sanchez should return to the starting XI, and the exciting trio of Cuadrado-Quintero-Rodriguez should feature again to potentially cause problems for Senegal’s back line. Senegal’s only World Cup finals match against a side from South America (Conmebol confederation) was a 3-3 group stage draw with Uruguay at Korea/Japan 2002. Current Lions of Teranga coach Cisse played in that game as captain, which secured Senegal’s place in the Round of 16. Meanwhile, Colombia winger Juan Cuadrado said that Senegal, whose players boast speed and technical skill, would be a hard nut to crack. “We have to be careful because they are a great team. Not only do they run, they’re also good technically,” Cuadrado said. He was tight-lipped about the lineup Pekerman would field against Senegal: “The last (few) days we have been working to see what is the best plan to go and find the best result.”