Sun City was a hype of activity this past weekend as the 24th annual South African Music Awards brought fans, celebs and industry leaders together in a celebration of Mzansi music. Before the big night on Saturday evening, the SAMAs held a non-broadcast award ceremony which was attended by the who’s who of the music and entertainment industries. These awards honoured some of the country’s best musical talents. And in true SAMA style, the red carpet was a star-studded affair even on day 1 with big name celebs, Gigi LaMayne, Sinazo Yolwa, Thabsie, Tresor and Kurt Darren strutting their stuff. A clear stand-out on the night was Akanamali hit-maker, Sun-El Musician, who scooped the Best Collaboration award for his incredible work with Samthing Soweto. But the fun didn’t end there for Sun-El, whose real name is Sanele Sithole. His 2017 hit song also bagged the SAMPRA Highest Airplay Song of the Year and Samro Highest Airplay Composer’s Award. Crowd favourtes Joyous Celebration took home two awards on the night with the Best Selling DVD and the Best Selling Album gongs being awarded to the legendary group. The awards came as a result of their work on Volume 21: Heal our Land. The night offered a diverse range of musical talent with smooth crooner, Afrotraction winning the Best R&B/Soul/Reggae Album award for Relationships and legendary Afrikaans singer, Kurt Darren snatching the Beste Pop Album for Laat Die Dansvloer Brand. It was also a big night for first-time winners, Encore and Rouge who scored the Best Remix of the Year award for I Got You and the Music Video of the Year for Arumtumtum respectively. Here’s the complete list of the winners from the first night of SAMA24 Best Adult Contemporary Album – Symphonic Soweto by Wouter Kellerman and Soweto Gospel Choir Best African Adult Contemporary Album – Ilanga by Siseko Pame Best Alternative Music Album – Mangaliso by Bongeziwe Mabandla Best R&B/Soul/Reggae Album – Relationships by Afrotraction Best Contemporary Faith Music Album – Heaven’s Ways by Nqubeko Mbatha Beste Pop Album – Laat Die Dansvloer Brand by Kurt Darren Best Jazz Album – Ikhambi by Nduduzo Makhathini Best Classical and/or Instrumental Album – Baroqueswing Vol. III by Charl du Plessis Trio Best Traditional Music Album – Jessica Mbangeni Sings iGoli Live @ Lyric Theatre Johannesburg by Jessica Mbangeni Best African Artist Album – The Simphiwe Dana Symphony Experience by Simphiwe Dana Best Live Audio Visual Recording/ DVD – Red Mic Xperience by Donald - Produced by Robin Kohl Best Collaboration – Akanamali by Sun El Musician featuring Samthing Soweto Music Video of the Year – Arumtumtum by Rouge – Directed by Alex Fynn Best Produced Album – Late Night People by Goldfish – Produced by Dominic Peters and David Poole Best Engineered Album – 20 by Mafikizolo -  Engineered by Howard Gomba and Themba Sekowe Remix of the Year – I Got You by Encore remixed by Mobi Dixon Best Selling DVD – Joyous Celebration Volume 21: Heal our Land Best Selling Album – Joyous Celebration Volume 21: Heal our Land CAPASSO Best Selling Digital Download Composer – Timothy Bambela Myeni