IT may not be long before South Africans lay their hands on smartphones operating in vernacular languages. This is one of the innovative technology products that Yekani Manufacturing, a privately owned company that forms part of the Yekani Group, plans to introduce to the local market.Yekani Group, a 100 % black-owned ICT company, recently unveiled a R1 Billion-worth smart factory in East London. With its technologically-advanced facility, the electronics manufacture aims to create about 1000 jobs in the province, producing innovative technology products for clients in the automotive, defence, aviation industries as well as consumers. “There is a requirement to revisit curriculum to ensure the quality of the country’s education system.And part of Yekani’s contribution to the development of the ICT agenda it is important to bring elements that talk to the needs of South Africans,” said Yekani Group CEO Siphiwe Cele. “You’ll soon be seeing Yekani handsets that accommodate our local languages because that’s the one thing we need to align with the problem our government. It is not just about manufacturing handsets, laptops and tablets, but strengthening the applications that will go into it. Most importantly, is to accommodate and address the issues of language. Yekani aims to enhance the 21st century classroom experience for both teachers and students, with the goal of improving the standard of education.“Two years ago, the Gauteng Department of Education introduced a five-year e-learning paperless classroom initiative in township schools and those with 100 percent pass rate in last year's matric finals received brand new tablets. Education MEC Panyaza Lesufi entered into a partnership with one of Yekani’s local resellers to provide these tablets to the selected township-based schools.“As Yekani, we are happy to have played our part in this education initiative - a project aimed at improving learning for students by providing digital textbooks and past papers.” The 28 000 square metre factory is situated in the East London Industrial Development Zone, its funding sourced from various stakeholders, including the department of Trade and Industry and private financial institutions. Yekani board member, Mothibi Ramusi, said: “The cost to communicate is an issue. If you look at the value chain in the mobile industry you’ve got components which are manufactured outside the South Africa. "As Yekani will identify radio interphases in that value chain that can we now manufacture in the Eastern Cape. "We will localise one of the biggest components in that value chain. We are heeding the president’s call to stimulate inner cities in the manufacturing sector and re-industrialise on a scale that draws millions of job seekers into the economy.” 