BANYANA Banyana coach Desiree Ellis is convinced that proper preparation could be the key to participating in their first ever Fifa Women’s World Cup in France. Their incredible victory over Botswana this past weekend saw Banyana qualify for the African Women’s Cup of Nations (AWC), which features 12 teams. The tournament celebrating African women’s football is scheduled for Ghana from 17 November to 1 December. Banyana will need to win their group to make it to the top three and qualify for the 2019 Women’s World Cup. The fact that the SA Under-17s will make their second World Cup appearance in Uruguay from 13 November to 1 December puts Ellis and her charges under immense pressure. Ellis faced the media yesterday as she laid out their plans: “The Under-17s have set the benchmark. For us it’s non-negotiable, we have to qualify. It’s time to repay the confidence shown in me. We have to repay Safa and the sponsors, the players also know what is at stake.” In 2014, while Banyana played under then coach Vera Pauw, they were unable to qualify for the World Cup when they lost 1-0 to Ivory Coast in the third and fourth place play-offs at the AWC. Two years later at the Olympic Games in Brazil, Banyana again failed dismally when they couldn’t progress beyond the group stages. They returned home without having won a single match. Despite this Ellis, who was given the huge task of taking the team to World Cup and 2020 Olympics when she was appointed early this year, believes they can turn things around with the group of players in her care. Added Ellis, former Banyana captain: “We know it’s a huge task but the players are motivated. “We’ve learnt our lessons on the big stage during the 2014 and 2016 failures. We had opportunities but our failure to convert chances into goals cost us. “That has been our main problem. But it’s a process and we will continue working on it, even if we have to call in the likes of Philemon Masinga and Mark Williams to assist our strikers. We will leave no stone unturned.” Safa vice president Ria Ledwaba said the football association would give the team all the support they need to ensure they are properly prepared to do well in Ghana.