RESIDENTS of the newly formed Ramaphosa squatter camp stayed awake all Tuesday night. They were waiting to be evicted from the land they had invaded in Philippi, Cape Town. Zusiphe Dlovu (36) said they received a WhatsApp message to say they would be evicted. “We were shocked to hear they would come at night while we were sleeping, so we decided to wait for them. No one went to sleep,” she said. Daily Sun published a story about the open space opposite Fezeka Municipality that was occupied by residents from the surrounding areas of Philippi a month ago. They started with less than 50 shacks but now the place looks as if it has been there for a long time, with every space occupied. The city of Cape Town said the land doesn’t belong to them and warned the private owner about the invasion. But the invaders claimed and named the space Ramaphosa because they invaded the land after he was appointed president. Zusiphe said: “These shacks are our homes. We don’t expect anyone to understand this except us. That is why we decided to act.” Residents said they took action to protect their homes yesterday morning. When the cops arrived, they took to the streets and burnt cars in Govan Mbeki Road. People were injured when a fight broke out between land invaders and police. Mzolisi Magade (43) said they didn’t want to burn the cars but when the cops arrived, they knew they would be destroying their shacks. “We are just protecting our property. We are still in court with the owner, so why did he order people to come and destroy our homes? We didn’t wait but rather acted first.” Residents said they burnt the cars because drivers refused to listen to them. “We told them to go back where they came from but they refused,” they said. One said that if anyone comes near their structures, business people will suffer most because they will make sure they burn everything close to them. “If anyone destroys these shacks, the shops will be in flames. Government should take the blame because we don’t want houses anymore. We just want to invade all the space with our building material.” Cape Town law enforcement spokesman Wayne Dyason said: “A private eviction sparked violent protests by about 100 people. “Vehicles were set alight. “All services are at the scene and calm has been restored.” Lieutenant-Colonel Andre Traut said: “Police were sent to control a housing protest. “About 120 protesters blocked the road and set tyres alight. Private vehicles were torched. “Police took action and arrests are yet to be made. The situation is being monitored.”