THE YOUTHFUL Bafana Bafana have a huge task ahead today as they bid to get a call-up to Stuart Baxter’s squad to face Libya in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in September. Maritzburg United midfielder Lebohang Maboe admits they need to bring their A-game to help Bafana beat Botswana in the Cosafa Plate final at Polokwane’s New Peter Mokaba Stadium today (5pm) to be considered for the crucial qualifiers. Said Maboe: “We are a group of very good players, we just need to believe in ourselves more and be more determined. That way one or two players will get a call-up.” However, Maboe, who scored twice to help Bafana wallop Namibia 4-1 in the Cosafa Plate semifinals, is aware that the Zebras won’t be a walk in the park. He went on: “It won’t be an easy game. They are good opponents and we will give them respect. But we need to show that we want it more than they do. It’s important for us to finish the camp on a high note. I am positive we will win if we deliver the same performance or do better than we did in our past game.” This will be the second time Maboe is involved in the Plate final, having also played when they beat Namibia 1-0 last year. “I was hoping that we would win the cup but that didn’t work out, so we need something to console us and that’s why we must win the Plate again. We have to fight for one another like we did against Namibia.” The 23-year-old says the embarrassing 4-3 loss on penalties to Madagascar, which saw them booted out of the Cosafa Cup proper, haunted him prior to their Namibia game. “I didn’t sleep the night after the game against Madagascar. It kept playing on my mind, so I wasn’t going to allow the same feeling to happen again. “We had to come back with a positive spirit, pull up our socks a bit. I told myself I had to be more composed when I got the ball, and I was able to put the ball in the back of the net. Had I been more composed against Madagascar I could have scored, but I wasn’t. That’s why we wanted the win more than Namibia.”