THE Springboks have the potential to win the 2019 World Cup. These words would have rung hollow six months ago, given the shambles of the past two years. But Rassie Erasmus is certainly not mincing his words as he talks up South Africa’s chances at the next World Cup. Erasmus guided the Boks to a 2-1 series win against England, getting his tenure as Boks coach off to a positive start. Despite the 25-10 loss in the last Test at Newlands Stadium on Saturday, the Boks had already made hay with two impressive victories in the series. And Erasmus is quite upbeat about his side’s potential. “I really think we can win the World Cup. If we can get it right quickly then we are definitely in with a chance. But we have to manage our talent,” he said. “There’s a lot of things we have to balance so that we have a fresh, experienced team with a lot of talent when we go to the World Cup.” England coach Eddie Jones also paid tribute to the Boks, pointing out notable improvements in the team which had hit its lowest ebb over the last two years. “The big difference between the Boks now and six months ago is that they work much harder off the ball,” Jones said. “They’ve got a strong maul and when the opportunity arises, they have the ability to move the ball wide. And in Willie le Roux they have someone who makes really good decisions. “They are revitalised, are well coached, well balanced and play some good rugby. They were too good for us in the first two games and deserved to win the series. But there were small margins in the series.” Erasmus did not, however, overlook the “terrible” performance in the last Test, acknowledging the costly mistakes at Newlands. He said: “Sad to say, we didn’t get up for this game. I will have to look at myself and how we prepared. Maybe I made mistakes but we’ll have to analyse how the different players reacted to playing a different game in a different competition. “We did learn a lot from the game. We knew we took a gamble and we looked at combinations, but the things we got wrong had nothing to do with combinations, rather they were things that we could control, such as discipline and breakdown play.”