FORMER Spar Women’s 10km Grand Prix winner Mapaseka Makhanya is excited to be back after she missed the first two races due to a calf strain. The prominent Mzansi road runner’s last appearance in the popular women’s race was in Port Elizabeth in May last year. Runners earn points in the six races taking place in six different cities – Cape Town, Port Elizabeth, Durban, Pretoria, Pietermaritzburg and Joburg. The overall winner on points at the end of the season bags prize money of R185 000, while the runner-up collects R60 000 and the runner in third place gets R35 000. The third race of this year’s Women’s Challenge takes place at Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban on Sunday. Defending champion Kesa Molotsane currently tops the leaderboard with 40 points after she won the opening two races in Cape Town and Port Elizabeth. The KMPG runner is closely followed by Glenrose Xaba of Boxer in second place with 38 points, while Rudo Mhonderwa of Nedbank Running Club is third with 34 points. All eyes will be on Molotsane, who is based in Bloemfontein, and her main rival Xaba, who is Stephen Mokoka’s training partner in Pretoria. Makhanya, who will be running for the newly formed Massmart club, says she is targeting a top five finish in the overall standings. The training partner of the 2018 Comrades Marathon winner, Ann Ashworth, admits that Molotsane and Xaba had the momentum to win the Durban leg. But she refuses to pick a favourite between the two, who are separated by just two points on the leaderboard. The runner, who won the Grand Prix title in 2013, says she is in the best possible condition to race. Said Makhanya: “I’m excited to be back. I don’t feel any pain and I’m healthy. I’m aiming for a top five finish. I have to be realistic because the gap at the top is already big. “I’ve missed two races. I’m running for a new club and I’m just happy to be back.” Makhanya said she was good friends with the top two runners and that it would not be fair to choose a winner between them. She added: “I can’t choose between them! Both Kesa and Glenrose are my favourites. The one who wants it most will win the title.” “They are still young and hungry, all I can say is may the best lady win!”