IS KwaZulu-Natal Comrades Marathon hero Bongmusa Mthembu a doubtful starter for the big ultra-marathon on Sunday? It is speculated that Mthembu might be unable to join the 21 000 enthusiastic runners that will line up in the streets of Pietermaritzburg this weekend. The 2017 up-run champion is believed to have sustained an injury ahead of the 90km down-run. Some believe, however, that this is just mind games – an attempt to deflect focus away from him in case he is unable to win the race. So who is fooling who ahead of this year’s eagerly awaited showdown in KZN? The race will start at 5.30am in Maritzburg and ends at the magnificent 2010 World Cup host venue, Moses Mabhida Stadium, in Durban. Mthembu’s running club Arthur Ford has rubbished injury claims as a mere plot to unsettle the top runner in his quest to win the down-run in his home town again. Team manager Sibusiso Ncamani says Mthembu, who is chasing his third Comrades title, has tough mental strength and won’t allow such a weak strategy deployed by competitors to get to him. Ncamani says Mthembu is in good shape and ready to take on the daunting mission of securing back-to-back titles: “Such talk is nonsense, it’s a just a plot to unsettle him and divide his attention. We expect him to lead the line and win the race. “We don’t have time for mind games. They are scared of him because he will make history. He is not injured.” David Gatebe, who won the down-run in a record-breaking time of 5:18:19 in 2016, has also vowed to defend his title. It is not called the Ultimate Human Race for nothing! Just ask those who have taken part in this iconic marathon. They will tell you about the sound of their tekkies on the road and the screams of thousands of well-wishers along the route, willing them to get to the finish line. There will be blood, sweat and tears as the world’s most popular marathon takes centre stage on Sunday. The waiting game is over – it’s time to hit the road. Contenders are ready to claim the big prize on offer and there is no shortage of favourites for this year’s race.