KAIZER CHIEFS are believed to be in a tussle with a top Greece side for the services of coach Avram Grant, which has delayed the announcement of their catch. As reported in SunSport a month ago, the former Ghana, Portsmouth, West Ham United and Chelsea head coach is the front runner to join the Soweto giants as Steve Komphela’s replacement. The coach quit after failing to deliver any piece of silverware during his tenure at Amakhosi. Chiefs fans have been waiting patiently to find out who will be manning their bench, and have been enquiring about the delay in announcing the new coach. But SunSport have heard it on good authority that Grant is looking into two offers, with the Superleague Greece side having made a good offer. It is understood Amakhosi are not giving up and are prepared to up their offer to rope in the 62-year-old master tactician. It was Chiefs’ plan to have their new coach named just after the end of the past season, but the two offers on Grant’s desk could distract him. “The plan for Chiefs was to have him in Naturena before pre-season training with his players, and release those he deems not good enough and recommend new quality players to be signed,” our informant said last month. Grant is currently at the helm of Indian side NorthEast United, where his contract is due to expire next year. “This has been a big issue for Amakhosi. They have a number of good quality coaches who have shown interest in the job, but their preferred candidate has always been Grant. “Failure to get him means they will have to start afresh in analysing other applicants,” said our man with a nose at Chiefs. Free State Stars coach Luc Eymael and currently unemployed Eric Tinkler are some of the names who are believed to have an interest in the job too, although nothing has been confirmed. Meanwhile, the battle for Andile Jali’s signature ended abruptly on Friday when Mamelodi Sundowns announced the Matatiele-born midfield as their new signing. It is rumoured that Sundowns are said to have forked out in the region of R6m for the services of the former K.V. Oostende midfielder. Jali, the hard-tackling Bafana Bafana midfielder, will join his new teammates in the new season. 