FORMER Orlando Pirates captain Lucky Lekgwathi has urged football lovers to fill up King Zwelithini Stadium in honour of their late No 1 goalkeeper Senzo Meyiwa. Umlazi’s King Zwelithini Stadium will become a hive of activity this weekend as former and current players battle it out in tribute of the former Bafana Bafana shot-stopper. Meyiwa died in October 2014 after being shot in Vosloorus. Saturday’s Senzo Meyiwa Commemoration Game (4pm) will see the KwaZulu-Natal Legends (Senzo XI) take on the Gauteng Legends (Meyiwa XI). Lekgwathi, who will play for the Gauteng team, said this type of game was a great way to remember a player like Meyiwa, especially seeing that it’s played in his home kasi. He urged football followers in Durban and surrounding areas to come out in numbers to support this event. Among the players who will play in honour of the ex-SA Under-23 goalie are Siyanda Xulu, Siyabonga Nomvethe, Andile Jali and Itumeleng Khune, along with former players like Mbulelo Mabizela, Siyabonga Sangweni, Jabu Mahlangu, Steve Lekoalea and Benedict Vilakazi. Said Lekgwathi: “For me this is a special occasion, I’m privileged to be part of it. I’m glad it is finally happening. “I won’t say it is long overdue, everything happens in its own time and I’m happy that the time is here to honour Senzo.“I think what will make the day even more special is to have a full stadium. Senzo was not only a Pirates player but a national team player and it would be nice if people came out in numbers to commemorate and honour him.”Meyiwa spent his whole career at Bucs and Lekgwathi was there as his captain. The former defender said he was very close to the ex-Bafana skipper.“I groomed him and was there for him when things were not going his way at the club. I was close to him and his family.“I remember when Moeneeb Josephs joined the club and Senzo was dropped to make way for the new guy. He was so heartbroken, telling me he loved the team and didn’t want to leave.“I told him to work hard and wait for his turn. And when his turn came, he never looked back.“I was so proud of him. I always believed he was destined for great things,” added Lekgwathi. 