FORMER Baroka FC YouTube sensation Tshepo “Skhwama” Matete is still recovering from shock after his contract with Botswana outfit, Township Rollers, was terminated last week. Rollers confirmed on Thursday that they had terminated contracts of SA duo Matete and former Bidvest Wits development player Mthokozisi Msomi. Matete joined Rollers in June last year from Baroka FC where he spent one season before his three-year deal was terminated. Talking to SunSport yesterday, the skilful player who played as left-back under coach Nikola Kavazovic, confessed to SunSport that he never expected his contract to be terminated. Rollers won their third Botswana premiership title in a row, and last season Matete reckons he had contributed immensely leading to their qualification to the Caf Champions League. He said: “Everything was good that side. I was enjoying my football again but then (my) contract (went) boom. The passing of my father in December took a toll on my performance too.” The 27-year-old admitted that he was now starting to be worried about his career as he hadn’t completed any of his professional contracts – they always get terminated. Matete started playing professionally during the 2015-16 season when he joined Baroka from ABC Motsepe League side FC Kathorus. He struggled to break into Bakgaga’s first team and his contract was terminated after one season. “I haven’t completed any of my professional contracts. With Baroka it was terminated and the same thing is happening again. But then maybe it is God’s timing, I cannot question it. “Everything happens through God’s grace in football, not because I’m a bad player or I don’t behave, but because he decides,” he stated. But he insisted that he wouldn’t give up on himself and still wanted to pursue his dream and reach his full potential as footballer. He added: “My journey has been tough but I will continue working hard. “At the moment there are some negotiations with a club from outside the country. But if a local club comes up with an offer I will consider it.”