The FIFA World Cup has arrived and South Africans, along with the rest of the world, are getting geared for a month of football fever. Coinciding with the arrival of the most watched sporting event on the planet is Budweiser’s entry into the South African market. The local launch of Budweiser could not come at a more favourable time, as the brand takes up its 32nd year as the official, and therefore exclusive, beer of the 2018 Fifa World Cup. During the World Cup commencing, the beer company has made sure that South Africans feel part of the euphoric energy leading up to the ever-popular sporting tournament. “Over the past few weeks, we’ve unveiled our new global campaign, “Light Up the Fifa World Cup”. The campaign encapsulates the unparalleled euphoric energy of the world’s biggest sporting event and Budweiser’s passion for energizing fans as they watch and celebrate their favourite players, moments and teams throughout the tournament,” says Alastair Hewitt, brand director for Budweiser at SAB and AB InBev Africa. On a local level, Budweiser embarked on a tour of the country that quite literally lit up eight of South Africa’s iconic 2010 stadiums. As the major cities’ stadiums illuminated in impressive lighting displays, the high-energy brand teamed up with Metro FM to host parties where guests stood a chance to win one World Cup ticket. Eight lucky winners will be joining the other 53 selected South African winners that Budweiser will be hosting at fixtures in Russia - a trip of a lifetime. “Although South Africa did not qualify to take part in the tournament, South Africans will most certainly not be left out of the month-long Fifa journey. Match viewing and festive cheering is a must, and Budweiser is certainly bringing the party to local football fans with our match viewing fan fests and Red Light Cups,” Hewitt adds. Teaming up with Hisense, Budweiser are hosting fan fests in Johannesburg and Cape Town, while fans in Polokwane and Durban can join in on the fun. In an effort to bring the World Cup to all walks of life in South Africa, Hewitt mentions that the brand is busy creating three solar powered taverns in areas of South Africa where power is not available, while upgrading 100 other taverns with viewing facilities that will live on post-2018 World Cup.  