THE government thought people would be happy to own donkey carts. But many believe it’s a slap in the face. IT’S TAKING THE PEOPLE STRAIGHT BACK TO THE PAST, THEY SAID. The North West Transport Management Department provided families with the carts. The donkey carts were distributed at a function held at Seleje Secondary School Hall in Madibe-Makgabane Village, outside Mahikeng, on Tuesday. People called the move embarrassing and primitive. While some recipients of the donkey carts seemed happy, most people said the government’s action was disrespectful. Dimakatso Lesedi (38) said she was born and bred in Madibe-Makgabane. “This initiative is going nowhere. The government isn’t changing our situation for the better. “This is another form of oppression,” she said. “They should be fixing our roads and providing proper transport. “This is shameful for our people.” The department of transport said it was trying to help rural communities facing the challenge of transport, and trying to stimulate economic opportunities. “It is also a way to improve the use of non-motorised transport, mobility and accessibility to rural areas.” The statement said the department and the local tribal council identified those who would benefit from the donation. Thabo Sematle, spokesman for the department, said the initiative was a national plan. “This is a national project named the non-motorised transport service. “The project may seem to be looking backwards but people benefiting from it are happy. “There were talks with the local leadership and chiefs in the area who agreed this form of transport was necessary in their communities.” “Such non-motorised transport is necessary because taxis and buses refuse to enter many rural areas because of the roads and so they drop people far from their homes. “Now villagers can reach their destinations and even get a lift to the same taxis and buses that are not able to get to them.” He said elderly people would now be able to get to hospitals, clinics and shops which were far from where they lived. “The project includes these animal drawn carts, and bicycles which will mostly be given to school children.” Social media, especially Facebook users, called the move disgusting. Tauhlole Masemola wrote: “Our people have voted you into power for this? Is this the better life for all the ruling party promised our people?” Griffiths Makgate said: “Is this how we are progressing backwards! And we are proud?” Adam Guztos said: “So is this the better life for all in the Freedom Charter?” Ntebo Ramosi commented: “Sies man .... a disgrace” Obuseng Kgori-Sebogo wrote: “This ANC government takes its voters for granted! You’ve collapsed the NW provincial government and now you’re insulting the people.” Karabo Mpolokeng: “You people are shameless. This is spitting in the face of the elderly and disadvantaged while you gloat in your German luxury cars. Stop it!”