CELEBRATED African players Yaya Toure and Jay-Jay Okocha are among the biggest names lined up for SuperSport World Cup broadcast starting on Thuresday. The duo will be joined by Manchester United 1999 treble-winners Dwight York and Phil Neville as well as Italian maestro Gianfranco Zola. The action kicks off today with the opening ceremony and the first match between hosts Russia and Saudi Arabia. Other local and African guests doing SuperSport duty include Samson Siasia, Shaun Bartlett, Gavin Hunt, Andre Arendse and Benni McCarthy. The presenters will be made up of the experienced foursome of Robert Marawa, Carol Tshabalala, Neil Andrews and Andy Townsend. With a 24-hour World Cup channel already on air, the broadcast offering will be supplemented on June 1 with the launch of another 24-hour High Definition World Cup channel (SS3) that will run until 15 July. It will include pre-World Cup friendlies. There will be buildups for all matches with top analysis and insights from some of the sharpest minds in the game, plus world class graphics and technology to enhance coverage in the brand-new High Definition studio that launches in June. Post-match wraps will also feature, guaranteeing the most in-depth coverage. Language options will be English, Portuguese, isiZulu and SeSotho. Supplementary programming will include “From Russia With Love”, a lifestyle magazine show to air on weekends and designed to capture the sights and sounds of the World Cup in Russia and transport it back home to Africa. The show will be anchored by Minnie Dlamini with Thato Moeng and Charles Anazodo providing inserts from other regions. There will be a daily one-hour news special on SuperSport Blitz during week days (7-8am), anchored by Julia Stuart and Crystal Arnold with former Russian club players Matthew Booth and Stanton Fredericks plus Lucas Radebe on hand to add ballast to the broadcasts. Bulletins will include updates and news stories, plus updates from the Nigeria camp. For fans with more acute interests, “Master Plan” – to broadcast twice weekly on SS3 – will focus on strategic and tactical analysis with former Republic of Ireland World Cup player Andy Townsend in the driving seat. He will have a range of digital toys to help him, including the telestrator, touch screen and player tracking data. Completing the broadcast experience is “Insights”, a preview and review show set against the backdrop of different destinations hosted by Phil Neville. It will include in-depth chats with ex-football players focusing on tactics, injuries and goals. 