IN-DEMAND midfielder Andile Jali is Kaizer Chiefs’ to lose in what has become a bidding war with Mamelodi Sundowns for his signature. The clubs are both keen on Jali, who is a free agent after he was granted an early release from his contract with Belgian club KV Oostende last month. But it is still unclear where the South African international will end up, amid increasing talk of a head-to-head battle between the two rivals over his services. Amakhosi just came off a dismal season, by their high standards at least, and have targeted Jali in an effort to make a statement of intent ahead of the new season. They are understood to have upped their offer, which is known to SunSport, for the Bafana Bafana midfielder. However, they face a stiff challenge from Sundowns, who also claim they are close to clinching a deal with Jali. Downs coach Pitso Mosimane confirmed there was progress in their negotiations with Jali, revealing it was up to the 28-year-old to put pen to paper. “There is progress. We are really talking to Jali now and we are very close,” said Mosimane. “To be honest, it’s up to him to sign. We have discussed it‚ we’ve spoken and we’ve seen his terms. Obviously it is business‚ he wants more. “But we also don’t want him to spoil the dressing-room, or for other players to start saying, ‘is that how much you pay a midfielder but not us’ . . . you know, those kind of stories. So we’re at a good level and a good point of understanding to also say to him ‘remember your competitors at Bafana? Sometimes you play and sometimes you’re on the bench while Kekana and Mabunda are playing for Bafana’. “Jali has the right attitude for football. He is stubborn, he fights and he’s a bull terrier. He has the tempo to play in the Champions League. He is an international. If he comes, he still has his buddy Oupa Manyisa and Hlompho.” Jali’s agent Mike Makaab said: “There is no final decision yet but hopefully we’ll have it by next week. Both Chiefs and Sundowns have expressed interest in Andile. “But it’s up to him to make the decision. We can’t make a decision for him. He must make it.”