HOW do you get to gym when you don’t feel up to it? Most people (46%) say they are more likely to exercise in the evening, after work, while 26% are more likely to exercise in the morning before work. And about 30% said they have a poor work-life balance. The ability to fit in an effective number of gym sessions – three to four a week – is less about time and more about your will. A Psychology Today study said the real reason we avoid exercising comes from our desire to avoid discomfort rather than a busy schedule. However, once the habit is established, gym can turn into a sanctuary – a comfort zone in a stressful life. Targus South Africa has five tips to help get over the initial resistance so you can make gym part of your life: Join a class Training alone is great when you have the right level of discipline but in the early stages you may need to join a routine. Joining a regular class gives you something and someone to keep up with. Group training is a great way to push your competitive drive in a structured setting while offering and receiving support about your shared journey. Get a gym partner Working with a partner who holds you accountable is a great way to get you to you stick to your goals. The presence of another person increases the overall energy level in the workout, inspiring you to do that extra rep or set. If you can’t find a willing, reliable training partner get a personal trainer – if you can afford one. Find inspiration Training in silence can feel like torture and quickly turn you off the experience. So find a way to bring the experience alive – train to music, find online content about fitness or talk to people about their fitness journeys. Discuss your journey Sharing pictures of your fitness journey helps you stay accountable. Your friends’ encouragement can inspire you to work harder to show off the results. However, be careful not to let social networks become the sole source of your motivation. Rest more If you’re constantly tired, you’ll be less likely to be excited about going into a gym in the first place. Also, for the body to strengthen and grow muscle, it needs a decent amount of rest. The basic rule is get a solid sleep before each workout. Cut device screen time to a bare minimum and rather spend your down time taking walks or reading. This way is how you allow your mind to settle into a more natural rhythm that stimulates brain regeneration and other benefits of exercise. While these tips can help make things slightly easier in the beginning, the decision to get out there in the first place is up to you. So, just make up your mind today to banish all excuses and get your blood pumping now!