ANTOINETTE Sithole feels nothing for politics. “Politics sickens me because of its unfairness,” she told Daily Sun. “When it’s time to vote I vote for a party that definitely will never win the elections.” Antoinette is the elder sister of Hector Pieterson, the schoolboy who was killed on June 16, 1976. She’s the crying girl seen in the famous picture by Sam Nzima, running alongside Mbuyisa Makhubu and carrying the dying Pieterson. She said the photo changed her life from that day onwards. Unlike Makhubu, who had to skip the country when apartheid cops started hounding him, Sithole never left. She got a tip-off that police would be gunning for her and should be prepared to deal with the situation. “Yes, the police started visiting our home,” she said. “I pretended to be mad. The cops would bring photos of people who were in politics or were at the funeral of my brother and others who were buried after June 16. “I would pretend I didn’t know the people. I would ask: ‘what did this person do?’” “I pretended I felt sorry for them. I played the role so well the police eventually left me alone.” She said one of the most obvious differences between their generation and today’s was that they were united. “We’re not saying things should stay the same, but there must be unity,” she said. “We used to encourage each other during tough times. “If a girl fell pregnant, we would not turn our backs and isolate her. “Yes, today’s youth are faced with problems like drugs and rife teenage pregnancies, but they should unite.” She said it was not cool for the youth to disrespect their teachers. “They should treat teachers as they do their parents. It’s unfortunate that today’s youth don’t take things seriously.” She laughed as she spoke about kids who don’t believe she’s really the person in the photo. “Most of them think I died. Sometimes they touch me to see if I’m really still alive,” said Sithole. Fortunately for her, she does not suffer the pain of being stopped and asked for autographs and things like that. “I’m hardly recognised when I walk in the streets or in malls. Sometimes I hear people asking each other if they knew who I was. I pretend not to hear,” she said. She healed a long time ago from the pain of seeing her brother and others being shot dead. “Some people have faced worst tragedies.” “We’ve spoken about this as a family and decided we needed to forgive the killers and ourselves. We don’t even want to know who killed my brother. “We’ve forgiven so that those who died can rest in peace.” She spends time briefing tourists at the Hector Pieterson Museum in Orlando West, Soweto. She’s sometimes invited overseas to schools and universities. 