THE EFF has hit out at the ANC over its proposed renaming of
Cape Town International Airport to Nelson Mandela International Airport. The EFF says the proposal is "yet another reaffirmation
of patriarchal power and domination by the ANC". According to the EFF, the airport should be named after Winnie
Madikizela-Mandela. It says the ANC has proposed that the domestic airport in
Kimberley be named after her instead. In a statement, it said this further proved the party's
point that the ANC had cried "crocodile tears" at
Madikizela-Mandela's funeral. "Because, a mere month later, after placing her body
under soil and stone, and while the family is still in mourning, the ANC
unashamedly relegates her name in favour of a man. "Mama Winnie Mandela's name stands among the big names
of our liberation records. She earned the right, domestically and
internationally, as the mother of the nation, a reality the ANC rejects and
seeks to erase," it said, adding that it was shocked further by the
silence of the ANC Women's League. Affirming the role of women The EFF went on to say that there were plenty of landmarks
and institutions already named after Mandela. "We reject the renaming of Cape Town International
Airport to Nelson Mandela because Mandela already has a university, a metro,
and all major streets in the country named after him." The party is of the view that elevating Winnie Mandela's
name to an international airport is not only reaffirming the sacrifice she paid
with her life, but also the role women in general played in South Africa's
liberation. "Her name stands to place on visible record that women
have an equal place and voice in our society." According to the EFF, the ANC has also proposed that East
London Airport be renamed Chris Hani Airport and Port Elizabeth International
Airport be renamed Albertina Sisulu International Airport. The EFF has proposed
that East London Airport be named after Steve Biko, Port Elizabeth after
Albertina Sisulu and Kimberley Airport after Robert Sobukwe. The airports are being renamed under the Transformation Of
Heritage Landscape Government Programme that includes a public participation
process where name proposals can be put forward. SOURCE: NEWS24