HE’S BACK! And this time around David Gatebe will be gunning for his own down-run record of 5:18:19 when he lines up for this year’s instalment of the Comrades Marathon in Pietermaritzburg on Sunday. The race is scheduled to start at 5.30am in Maritzburg with the route course slightly changed to finish at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium – instead of Kingsmead Stadium. Gatebe, sports and recreation officer at Implats, says he is not putting himself under any pressure but will be out to better his 2016 record. He was hailed as Mzansi’s hero when he smashed Russian Leonid Shvetsov’s 2007 course record of 5:20:49. Born and raised in Maokeng township in Kroonstad, the 37-year-old Intsika Athletics Club champion spent the past two weeks at Sparkling Waters in Rustenburg where he helped aspiring Comrades runners learn to maintain pace and speed in ultra-distance events. He says his preparations are at an advanced stage and have been just as intense as his groundwork in 2016 when he won the 90km race – themed Asijiki (no turning back) this year. He finished third in this year’s Old Mutual Two Oceans 56km Marathon on 31 March and says it was just the “basics of training for the Comrades”. “I also used the Omaramba and Magaliesberg mountains in Rustenburg, very good courses that we use for training,” said the father of two, who occasionally excites onlookers by doing pushups when he wins a race. “My aim is to challenge my record, even though I know it will not be easy to beat since the route course has changed. They have added another 800m from Kingsmead to Moses Mabhida Stadium, which entails at least two minutes extra.” He said he was aware that there would be no Hot-Spot prizes in the race this year, which will make it difficult to get pacesetters driving his race. However, he has already devised a plan on how to pace himself. He explained: “I will run behind the leading pack to ensure they do not pull too far ahead. The plan is to break away from the pack at the 70km mark, from where I will be gunning for first place. With 17km to go at Cowie Hill, that is where I will kick it up to a higher gear in my quest to increase the gap. That is how the Comrades is won.” Indeed, most Comrades Marathon winners, men and women, usually stick with the second bunch up to a certain point in the race, where they start sprinting for victory. It is rare that an athlete who starts in the leading pack wins the Ultimate Human Race. Meanwhile, 2015 Comrades champion Gift Kelehe, who won in a time of 5:38:36, is convinced that he will give athletes like Gatebe a good run for their money. He says he wants to disprove the notion that up-run specialists cannot win the challenging down-runs. “I will be out there going all out for a win,” said Kelehe. “I prepared myself thoroughly in Dullstroom’s mountains in the Belfast district of Mpumalanga. I will run my normal race and not compete with anyone. But I will stay focused – that race is only for the fittest.”