AMERICAN novelist and playwright, Cormac McCarthy, wrote: “Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.” And reality will hit home for Morocco when all 211 Fifa Council members cast their votes for the hosts of the 2026 World Cup in the bidding race between the north African country and the United States, Mexico and Canada’s joint effort. SunSport can reliably reveal that the SA Football Association (Safa) will give its vote to the joint bid of the USA following a souring relationship with Morocco after the countries broke diplomatic ties in 2004. The two countries broke ties 14 years ago after former South African president Thabo Mbeki and his parliament officially recognised the independence of the territory of Western Sahara, which Morocco claimed as its own. Morocco withdrew its ambassador from the embassy in Pretoria, signalling there was little love lost between the countries. Last year former president Jacob Zuma tried to broker a peace between the countries without success. Sport Minister Tokozile Xasa made it unequivocally clear last month that South Africa would not support Morocco’s bid. SunSport’s understanding is that the Safa council met in Limpopo last weekend, where the unanimous decision was taken to vote for the USA’s joint bid, a decision bound to open Morocco’s old wounds. The members of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) have apparently all agreed to vote against Morocco, which has ambitions to be the second African country to host the Fifa World Cup. Safa president Danny Jordaan could not be reached for comment yesterday as he is in Russia for the World Cup, set to kick off on Thursday with match between the hosts and Saudi Arabia. But it is evident that Safa cannot go against the wishes of the minister and the government, as the football association also aspires to host the 2023 or 2027 Women’s World Cup as well as the Club World Cup. And they will need government support. With this in mind, Safa will have made good friends with Donald Trump’s country, Mexico and Canada, who in turn could support them when they bid for their dream tournaments. Jordaan told SunSport a fortnight ago that the “cards are heavily stacked against Morocco – their numbers don’t add up”. He said: “For instance, for a stadium that’s ready to host, you get three points but zero for those you’re still planning to build. Morocco has five and plans to build another five. The USA has 23 ready to host.” Morocco scored a paltry 2,7 points in evaluations out of five overall, barely clearing the minimum requirement of two. The country is rated high risk in the criteria for stadium construction, transport and hotels. The USA-Mexico-Canada scored four points overall and will likely bring double the revenue, whereas Morocco may struggle with ticket sales and corporate hospitalities. The successful bid for the 2026 World Cup will be announced in Russia before kick-off of the first match, which is scheduled for Luhzniki Stadium in Moscow. The 2022 edition is set for Qatar. Safa spokesman Dominic Chimhavi said: “The NEC has decided who South Africa will vote for. Our direction is guided by the government.”