CAN you believe that three of the African teams representing the continent at the currently underway Fifa World Cup have yet to win a match, let alone score a goal? It is an eye-opener to many that the continent is not as good as always thought at the game of football, especially considering how World Cup debutants Iceland managed to hold world powerhouse Argentina to a 1-1 draw. Nigeria fell 2-0 to a rampant Croatia, Morocco couldn’t handle the pressure from Iran and succumbed 1-0, while Egypt lost 1-0 to Uruguay – making for a bitter pill for African supporters to swallow this weekend. But all is not lost! There is still hope for Tunisia and Senegal, who will be in action today and tomorrow against England and Poland respectively. The Eagles of Carthagetravel to the Volgograd Arena tonight for a date with vigorous England (8pm) to open their 2018 World Cup account. They have not been one of Africa’s favourite sons, but when they represent the continent locals have to rally behind Nabil Maâloul charges, just for family’s sake! South Africans must have surely forgiven the Senegalese by now for knocking them out of this World Cup qualifying round late last year. Mzansi’s people must show African spirit when the Lions of Teranga step onto the Otkrytie Arena pitch to meet the White and Reds of Poland. A huge task rests on the shoulders of Tunisia and Senegal, however, to correct the wrongs of Egypt, Morocco and Nigeria. When the ref blew the final whistle in Nigeria’s Group D game against Croatia at the Kaliningrad Stadium, it was clear that a lot has to happen in African football before we can conquer the world. Nigeria coach Gernot Rohr remains optimistic that it is all not lost as they look to their next opponents Iceland at the Volgograd Arena on Friday. Iceland might be a tiny nation with a population of only about 334 252 people, but they managed to bring Argentina down to earth, including superstar Lionel Messi who missed a penalty. They stunned the world on Saturday when they battled the two-times champions Argentina to a 1-1 draw. “We have to accept this defeat (to Croatia) and now we have to win against Iceland, all is still possible,” Rohr told Reuters. “If we win the next game it is possible to qualify. We were satisfied with the organisation of the team defensively but we didn’t have so many opportunities to score. “You need at least four points to progress. Nothing is lost, all is in our hands, so let’s be positive. We believe we can do it. “We have the youngest team in the world at this World Cup, let them learn from this match. I think we can do better.” A veteran Croatia side put their experience to good use as Luka Modric, featuring in his third World Cup, played a part in both their goals. He scored a second half penalty to secure the win after Croatia went ahead through a first half own goal by Nigeria midfielder Oghenekaro Etebo, which flowed in from a corner kick by the Real Madrid midfielder. Meanwhile, Morocco’s 1-0 loss to Iran stunned many, as Carlos Queiroz’s team have never been a serious threat. One wonders whether they will be able to withstand the powerful Portugal, their opponents in their second Group B match at Luzhniki Stadium on Wednesday (2pm).