Lionel
Messi's Argentina aim to put a
shambolic World Cup build-up behind them and make a statement in their opening
match against tournament debutants Iceland on Saturday. The two-time champions arrived
in Russia dogged by poor form, injuries and controversy. But
Messi is a man on a mission as he chases his first World Cup winner's medal and
will not tolerate complacency against the minnows at Moscow's Spartak stadium. "Iceland
showed they could compete with anyone at the last Euros," he said,
referring to their giant-killing run at the 2016 European Championship in
France. Messi
was devastated by Argentina's loss to Germany in the 2014 World Cup final, with
the agony compounded by back-to-back Copa America defeats to Chile in 2015 and
2016. Despite
his achievements with Barcelona, the five-time world player of the year is yet to
win a major international tournament and time is running out as his 31st
birthday looms. He
briefly retired from international football after the 2016 Copa America and has
hinted he will do so permanently if the campaign in Russia ends in failure. The
Group D clash pits an Argentine side that critics say is too focused on
superstar Messi against a band of grafters who pride themselves on teamwork. On
paper, the South Americans should have little trouble disposing of Iceland, an
island nation of 330,000 that is the smallest country to ever reach the finals. But
the Icelanders revel in their underdog status and showed at Euro 2016 they will
not be cowed on the big stage. Messi 'can carry team' Spurred
on by their fans' thunderous "Viking clap", they earned a 1-1 draw
with Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal then famously dumped out England to reach the
quarter-finals. "We
kept Ronaldo quite quiet so hopefully we can do the same against Messi,"
said Burnley winger Johann Berg Gudmundsson. "We
know we're probably going to be defending for a lot of the time and obviously
he's one of the best players in the world and he can turn it on." Iceland,
ranked 17 places behind Argentina at 22nd in the world, topped their group in
European qualifying with comfortable wins over Croatia, Ukraine and Turkey. Argentina
reserve goalkeeper Nahuel Guzman said the squad would do everything in their
power to give Messi the success he craves but they are expecting a tight match
against Iceland. "We
must show patience and move the ball around to try and find space, and look to
get in behind with speed," said Guzman, who plays for Mexican club Tigres. "It
will be a very tight game in which we'll also have to control our nerves." Argentina
only made it to the finals courtesy of a Messi hat-trick in their final
qualifier against Ecuador. Subsequent
friendlies have given cause for concern - there was a 4-2 loss to Nigeria in
November and a 6-1 humiliation by Spain in March, although Messi did not play
in either match. Argentina's
final warm-up against Israel in Jerusalem was cancelled after protests from
Palestinians, miring the team in controversy and leaving players short of match
practice. To
further compound their problems, goalkeeper Sergio Romero and midfielder Manuel
Lanzini both fell victim to late injuries. Accusing
Argentina of over-reliance on Messi may seem unfair to a team boasting the
sharp attacking talents of Sergio Aguero, Paulo Dybala and Gonzalo Higuain but
it is a view coach Jorge Sampaoli himself has expressed. "He
can carry the team on his shoulders," Sampaoli said of the player who
scored 45 goals in 54 games for Barcelona this season. "This
is going to be his team." 