EPHRAIM “Shakes” Mashaba is available and ready to listen to offers . . . even from Kaizer Chiefs. Amakhosi are in the market for a new coach post the Steve Komphela era, and they have received CVs from potential candidates. Even though Avram Grant is on their radar, Mashaba fancies himself as a suitable prospect for the plum job. Mashaba has been without a job since he was sacked as Bafana Bafana coach one-and-a-half year ago. Amakhosi have not approached him about the position, however. But Mashaba would gladly answer the call from club boss Kaizer Motaung, should it come. “I’ll always be available. Coaching is my area of expertise,” said Mashaba. He was unveiled as one of the ambassadors for the Big Shoe Cup at the launch yesterday. The tournament is an initiative to raise awareness and funds for children with facial deformities. “It’s what I always do. Perhaps if I’m called to be the president of the country I’ll be excited. That’s something I’m not used to. But if anyone comes to me about coaching, I’m definitely available.” Mashaba says his record speaks volumes, yet there hasn’t been opportunities for him. “I’ve been the Bafana coach on three occasions and in all those stints I never went out a failure. “Unfortunately there are those who get sidelined. Some coaches’ teams get relegated, but the next season you see them coaching another team that has just won the league. “Still, what can we do? We cannot force owners to do things the way we want them to. But no one wants to sit and gather dust when there is a lot you can contribute.” Mashaba will be working with fellow tournament ambassadors, former Kaizer Chiefs star goalkeeper Brian Baloyi and SA Football Coaches Association head Sudesh Singh. As many as 122 youngsters aged between 10 and 12 from 11 teams will take part in the event at the Braamfischer Multi-purpose Sports Grounds next month. “Our goal is to help children with our BigShoe11 programme, where part of our past initiatives was to have 11 international stars pay the surgical costs for 11 needy children. The stars included the likes of Paul Pogba and Mesut Ozil,” said Big Shoe CEO Igor Wentzel.