THE South African Broadcasting Corporation has appointed
Madoda Mxakwe as its new Group Chief Executive Officer and Yolande van Biljon
as the new Chief Financial Officer. In a statement on Sunday, Chairperson of the SABC Board,
Bongumusa Makhathini, said Mxakwe's appointment was effective from July 1,
while Van Biljon's was effective from Monday, June 25. Makhathini said the appointments were in line with the
board's commitment to continuously ensure stability within the organisation. "Madoda Mxakwe brings to the SABC a wealth of a broad
combination of great skills and expertise derived from Senior Executive
positions in business, communications and public affairs in both the private
and public sector at a national and global level. "He has the required business acumen, experience and
decisive leadership skills in business turnarounds and transformation,"
said Makhathini. Makhathini said Mxakwe had, among many other qualifications,
obtained an MA (Global Political Economy) from Sussex University in the UK,
Executive Leadership Developments certificates from London Business School, and
PGD in Business Administration from Gordon Institute of Business School (GIBS). "He has worked for Nestle serving in different senior
capacities, the last one being the country head responsible for Mozambique,
Namibia, Botswana, Swaziland and Lesotho," he said. Makhathini said Van Biljon also came with a lot of
experience gained from various organisations including Denel Dynamics, a
division of Denel SOC Ltd, as Manager for Finance Accounting and later
appointed as the CFO. She also previously worked at Glad Africa Group (Pty). "She has made a meaningful contribution during her
tenure at Denel Dynamics, where she participated in the turnaround of the
organisation," he said. Makhathini said Van Biljon held a B Com (Accounting), B
Compt (Hons), B Comm (Hons) and M Comm (Taxation) and had qualified as a
Chartered Accountant in 1996. “These appointments affirm our commitment to attract and
retain the best skills to take the SABC to greater heights, particularly to
address the evolving broadcasting environment enabled by technology and the
changing media consumer patterns. "We are proud to say that these appointments reflect
diversity in relation to skills, age, gender and race," he said. "On behalf of the Board, management and staff I would
also like to extend my gratitude to Ms. Nomsa Philiso and Ms. Thabile Dlamini
who have held the fort until the finalisation of these appointments.” Makhathini said the board believed that the new appointments
would strengthen the organisation’s position as a credible and reliable public
service content provider. The SABC is in the process of finalising other Group
Executives appointments as part of its continuous efforts to bring stability
and achieve sound governance in all business units, he said. Makhathini added that the national broadcaster recently
filled the positions of the COO, Head of Internal Audit, Group Executive: Human
Resources and Group Executive: News and Current Affairs. "The SABC remains committed to delivering compelling
content that is relevant and accessible by all," he said. NEWS24