WITH conflicting reports circulating about Bloemfontein Celtic’s future, midfielder Lucky Baloyi has admitted that he is very worried about his future. SunSport reported a fortnight ago that the club was to be sold to an unknown businessman from Kimberley, but the club, chief executive Khumbulani Konco in particular, has vehemently denied such reports. This comes after acts of hooliganism by their supporters who rejected any sale of the club to someone from outside the Bloemfontein area. Club boss Max Tshabalala spoke to their supporters at a general meeting this weekend, informing them that he was still selling the club. As quoted by the club’s official Twitter account, Tshabalala said they would meet with business people to find a local buyer. He admits to having visited Kimberley but said it was for a hosting rights deal to play a few games there. The turn of events has touched a nerve with Baloyi: “I have seen on TV and read in the papers that the club is for sale. Honestly, I am worried. “Bloemfontein has become my new home, I love the city. But now, with news that the club is being sold, I do not know what the future holds – whether I will still have a job next season or not.” Added Baloyi, who joined Celtic on a two-year contract last season: “I am supposed to be enjoying my break during the off-season, but I am not.” The 26-year-old Mokopane-born player said the situation reminds him of when he was playing for ex-Absa Premiership side Moroka Swallows in the 2014-15 season and they got relegated. That was when he was loaned to the Dube Birds by Kaizer Chiefs. “When Swallows got relegated I didn’t know what would happen to my future,” he said. “Luckily Chiefs recalled me. But last season I found myself unemployed again, looking for a job. It’s not easy being unemployed, it’s very stressful. I never want to be in that kind of situation again.” The club management and the local municipality have had several meetings to see if they can’t find a solution that will see Celtic, formed 49 years ago as Mangaung United, remain in Bloemfontein under new ownership. Phunya Sele Sele, playing under the Serbian-born mentor Veselin Jelusic, finished the past season in disappointing 11th spot.