THE young Canadian musician had the world at his feet. Already acclaimed as a clarinettist by age 20, Eric
Abramovitz (24) had big ambitions. According to reports, in 2014 he was studying at McGill’s
Schulich School of Music in Montreal, which is where he met his
then-girlfriend, Jennifer Lee, who was studying flute. Eric applied to study at the famous Colburn Conservatory
of Music in Los Angeles, America. He was hoping to study under one of the best
clarinet teachers in the world, Yehuda Gilad, who only accepts two students
from around the world. Colburn Conservatory of Music emailed congratulating Eric
on his successful application. He also won a scholarship worth $51 000 (about R690
000) for tuition and living expenses. But Eric never got the email. His girlfriend Lee had
access to his computer and saw it first. Fearing that her boyfriend would leave
Montreal, she sent a reply in his name – and declined the school’s offer. She then set up a fake account in Gilad’s name, and sent
an email to Eric saying that he had been awarded a much smaller scholarship,
which Lee knew would be too little for Eric to afford. “It was a very crushing feeling. I was so driven and
really wanted it. I was very disappointed about it and feeling down after I got
the rejection,” said Eric. The couple broke up anyway soon after. A few months
later, Eric met up with Gilad in a different audition, and slowly Lee’s
betrayal was revealed. Eric sued her for his lost opportunity. In a court judgement on Wednesday in Ontario, Lee was
instructed to pay C$375 000 (about R3,8 million) to Eric for the damage her lies
caused to his career prospects. Justice David Corbett said: “One hears, particularly in
the arts, of the ‘big breaks’ that can launch a promising artist to a successful
career. I cannot speculate as to how high and how quickly Mr Abramovitz’s
career might have soared, but for the interference by Ms Lee.” Eric has since found new opportunities in the music
world, joining the Nashville Symphony in 2018.