I am a firm believer in inner beauty and self expression, but when it comes to questions such as what age should young girls start wearing make up I always find myself puzzled. I started putting on mascara at the age of 17 and started experimenting with foundation after the age of 21. I believe at a young age, young girls should be able to express their inner beauty and natural beauty rather worrying about putting on makeup. Growing up I had always copied my sister who is 10 years older than me so it was a bit of a problem in the make-up department because I was always told I am too young to wear even lipgloss. My sister's point was that I had beautiful skin that needed no covering and I should embrace it while it lasts. She also said that chemicals in make up might also mess up my skin ans she needed the make up because of the acne scars she had at the time. Makeup can be innocent expression and an art form that some people really enjoy so in that case I think teens can go for it if they enjoy using it however I don't think a child should be using makeup to hide insecurities and hide natural blemishes because that just bring unnecessary stress and can be really problematic for a child's confidence. I also don't think a girl should be wearing makeup to impress anyone. But if the girl no matter what age wants to wear it for herself then I think it is somethings you should totally do it. According to Parents.com, makeup, hair styles, and clothing are the gray areas in parenting. There are no hard-and-fast rules. Each parent-and-child pair needs to settle on certain parameters without resorting to heated arguments, which will only hurt the parent/child relationship, most likely making the issue bigger than it is. American Disney Star Skai Jackson became a center of attention in 2016 when Azealia Banks took shots at her mother accusing her of 'sexualising" the child star. 'Skai Jackson's mom was on the internet tweeting for me which is why I went in. I knew it wasn't a 14-year-old on there. 'I wanted to tell her mother that she's doing the most to try and force this young girl out into the world by letting her wear weaves and take "sexy" Insta pics and that her daughter was probably going to end up becoming a thot (that h*e over there).'The time should be spent trying to hone in on your daughter's artistic skills rather than try and force this oversezualised image of a little girl onto the public. 'She's a little girl. You must teach your kids to stay in children's places because people are crazy. Me and women are crazy. The female rapper later deleted some of her tweets but the conversation continued be a debate on how should Skai's image be like as a 14 year old girl. This topic will vary from parent to parent but however I believe that young girls can wear minimal make up like mascara or eyeliner after the age of 16 then later on when they leave the house they can be responsible enough to experiment with what works for them. 