AFTER Senegal qualified for the 2018 Fifa World Cup in Polokwane, Limpopo, in November last year, their coach Aliou Cisse declared that they would not go to Russia just to make up the numbers. And tonight is the night for Cisse to live up to his promise, as Africa would prefer the Lions of Teranga to be the first to collect points for the continent at the currently underway World Cup. “We will have to stand up and be counted. We cannot allow such opportunities to pass us by without making an impression,” he said at the time. Tonight at the Otkrytie Arena, Cisse will sit on the opposite end to Poland head coach Adam Nawalka as their teams open their Group H account in Moscow at 5pm. Senegal’s road to Russia was paved with controversy after Fifa annulled South Africa’s 2-1 World Cup qualifier victory in 2016 following protests from the Senegalese FA. This came after Fifa found Ghanaian referee Joseph Lamptey guilty of match manipulation, having called for a non-existent penalty after a ball hit a Senegal player on the thigh. Lamptey has since been banned from all football activities for life and that decision was upheld by the international judicial body for sport, the Court of Arbitration for Sport. Then, just when South Africa’s Bafana Bafana thought they had drawn their rematch with Senegal, along came Kara Mbodji with a last-gasp goal that broke the hearts of Stuart Baxter and his charges. This will be Senegal and Poland’s first meeting and they probably don’t know much about each other, except for what they have seen in video analysis and the research done by their teams. Cisse is a rare breed. He captained Senegal when they qualified for the 2002 World Cup in Korea/Japan and led them to the quarterfinals. Now he leads the Lions of Teranga as coach, a feat that has only been achieved by Franz Beckenbauer with Germany and Brazil’s Mario Zagallo. This is Senegal’s second World Cup and Cisse said they would be pushing themselves hard in a group comprising tonight’s opponents, Colombia and Japan. Fifa records show that none of Senegal’s 23-man squad play in Africa except for Guinea-based goalkeeper Khadim Ndiaye. Most play for European clubs, including seven in England and seven in France. In the Polish side, striker Robert Lewandowski was the leading scorer in the European World Cup qualifiers with 16 goals in 10 games, one ahead of Portugal’s Cristiano Ronaldo. He has scored 55 goals in 95 internationals. Poland have been knocked out in the group stage in their last two appearances at the World Cup – 2002 and 2006. They have not met an African team at the tournament since 1982 when they drew 0-0 with Cameroon. Meanwhile, Senegal have been dealt a blow when defender Saliou Ciss was ruled out. He will be replaced by Adama Mbengue. Left-back Ciss, who plays for Valenciennes in France’s Ligue 2, suffered an ankle injury in last month’s friendly against Luxembourg. Mbengue (24) arrived on Sunday, having been on standby over the last weeks. He is from Ligue 1 club Caen. Senegal’s change came a day before the deadline for final injury replacements. World Cup participants can only swap injured players up to 24 hours before their first game at the tournament. All eyes will be on Liverpool star Sadio Mane and 32-year-old Bursaspor striker Moussa Sow, while Lewandowski will be expected to do the business for the Polish. He told Reuters that he is raring to go: “I played less often this season, which means I’m less tired. I hope this freshness shows. This time the preparations have been personalised, catered to what individual players need.” Even so, he said he did not want to be judged on how many goals he scores. “I am not sure how many good opportunities I will have. But when I am doubled up on and fouled, it frees up space for my teammates and we’d like to take advantage of this. “I want my hunger for goals to be even bigger. And of course I hope more goals will come on this, the biggest stage.”