FORMER Bafana Bafana captain Lucas “Rhoo” Radebe says he won’t give up the pursuit of his dream of becoming SA Football Association (Safa) president. The ex-Leeds United captain has for long argued that South African football needs change and now reiterates his stance after Danny Jordaan was elected president for a second term a fortnight ago. Radebe announced his interest in the top position at Safa last year but was forced to withdraw his candidature early this year due to ineligibility. He was ineligible because he had not served in a Safa structure for a period of five years leading up to the 26 May elections. Jordaan amassed a solid 234 votes out of 246 following Ace Ncobo’s withdrawal, which had left the incumbent as the sole candidate. Radebe says he is affiliated with Safa structures now, so he should be qualified to run for the presidential position in future. “At the moment we’re still dealing with it. I am working on how to get to that level in the next few years because change is something that South African football needs.” He also urged other SA football legends who were part of the 1996 team to raise their voices so that change will come. He continued: “Former players need to come in and join this fight. We need to work together. With them, I think we will be stronger and a better bunch. “I don’t see why I should give up the fight now because there’s no change in our football at the moment. If you look at our 1996 team, I think most of us need to play a big role. It is very important for our football. “There’s a lot to learn, there are some rules that should be followed but the most important thing is working together. “On the day of the Safa elections I was not even interested, because we knew how it was going to pan out. We need new ideas.” Radebe spoke to SunSport at the 2018 Selati Cup final that took place at the KaMhlushwa Stadium in Mpumalanga on Sunday. Boschfontein FC were crowned Selati Cup champions after defeating Naas Academy 8-7 on penalties following a thrilling 3-3 draw in regulation time. They walked away with a cool R100 000 winners’ prize, while Naas Academy bagged R60 000.