Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) leader Julius Malema has lashed out at the way
Africans are perceived when talking about white or Indian racism. Malema went on to call some
black reporters who are critical of his party "house n****rs". Addressing a crowd after a brief appearance in the Newcastle
Magistrate's Court on Monday, Malema defended his comments that the majority of
Indian people are racist, as well those by his deputy Floyd Shivambu about
Treasury's Deputy Director General Ismail Momoniat. He specifically aimed his comments at those critical of
"when we speak in Parliament against Momoniat". "You know why [they are critical], because [they
believe] Africans can't think unless they have something to hide. That's how
they view us, including these journalists, who are Indian, who are white, and
including some of the house n****rs. He added that Indians said black people were being used by
whites to attack them, and that when they spoke out against white racism they
were then being used by "this or that and all of that". "They think you can't think until you are given
something, because [they believe] Africans can't think. It's an insult that we
as Africans should unite against... "Let's not be scared, let's not be demoralised. Let's
become more resolute; let's become more determined to fight against the
oppression of black people in general and Africans in particular." City Press reported that at the EFF's Youth Day celebrations
earlier in June, Malema characterised the majority of Indians as being racist,
saying that their disdain for black people was unmistakable. "I want to give you two examples of why I say the
majority of Indians are racist: If you check the marriage rate between Indians
and Africans, it is extremely low. Africans and Indians do not marry each other
because the majority of those Indians see us as subhuman." On Monday, Malema maintained his stance. "We said [the] majority of Indians are racist. They
were all screaming, but they are now coming back one-by-one, sobering up and
confirming exactly what the EFF is saying - that indeed the majority of Indians
are racist. We did not say all Indians." 'You were oppressed better than us' Describing what he called the hypocrisy of South Africa,
Malema compared his comments to those of former Constitutional Court Judge Zak
Yacoob, who said that at least 90% of Indians that he had come across were
racist. "When it is said by an Indian - because of racism - it
is accepted and allowed," said Malema. "Julius Malema comes and repeats after an Indian, [and
people say]: 'No you can repeat the things that must be said by Indians only,
because you are an African, you are of a lower class.' "That's the problem we are dealing with in this country
- it is truth when told by a white person, it is truth when it is told by an
Indian person, but if it's told by a person of a lower class, it's
unacceptable." The EFF leader told the crowd not to be apologetic when
fighting for Africans, because they were the most oppressed. "I'm not fighting with Indians. I am saying to them
that you were oppressed better than us - you had water; you had electricity,
you had tar roads, you had Indian schools, you had shops, you had all sorts of
things. You were in closer proximity to white people." "We did not have anything. "So when we talk liberation, we can't do it at the same
time and say both Africans and Indians must be elevated at the same time. When
we say let's go up at the same time, Indians will always be ahead, because they
are ahead already." Earlier in June, the EFF and Shivambu came under fire for
comments made in a committee meeting, where Shivambu questioned the presence of
Momoniat. Shivambu reportedly asked why Momoniat attended finance
oversight committee meetings, and allegedly accused him of having a superiority
complex which did not allow him to take orders from African seniors. Malema's case in Newcastle concerns him allegedly calling on
EFF supporters in 2016 to invade unoccupied land. NEWS24