THE newly formed MMT Boxing Promotions and Events boss, Macbute “Macman” Sinyabi, believes infightings between local promoters will always have a negative impact on the development of the sport in the Eastern Cape. The former IBO international featherweight champion was scheduled to stage his first boxing tournament where national flyweight champion Nhlanhla “24” Ngamntwini was supposed to meet his arch-rival Thembelani “Terror” Nxoshe. They were due to meet on a much-anticipated grudge match at the Orient Theatre on Sunday, which never materialised due to infightings. Sinyabi blames the brawls for the postponement of what was supposed to be his debut tournament. Currently there are two Eastern Cape Promoters Associations – the first chaired by Ayanda Matiti, which was elected in June 2016, and the newly elected structure under Thando Zonke as a chairman. And each structure believes they are authorised for power. “Eastern Cape promoters are having challenges, fighting against each other. I guess I was too excited about promoting, but I arrived at the wrong time. I should have waited a bit. “The thing is, I’m not here to compete with anybody but my mission is to elevate the standard of boxing. I am bringing fresh ideas to take boxing to another level.” The much-loved ex champion hang up his gloves two years ago after he was dethroned by a four fights novice Azinga “Golden Boy” Fuzile two years ago. Now the budding promoter wants to give aspiring fighters a platform to showcase their God-given talent. “I have hustled hard raising funds for it and local government came on board to lend a helping hand, unfortunately some promoters in the province were not happy about it. They questioned the fact that I’m getting money first before them.” The Mdantsane boxing hero said his boxing promotions company wants to hit the brakes on talented Eastern Cape boxers migrating to Gauteng in search for better offer. He added: “We have abundance of boxing talent in East London. I want that talent to remain in the province. In the past few years Eastern Cape has staged lesser tournaments compared to the previous years. And this is as a result of our good boxers leaving the province.”