WITH just one round of matches left before the knockout phase, some teams’ supporters are already questioning whether their coach is worth the big bucks he gets every month. They also tend to speculate about the astronomical figures the 32 coaches at the Fifa World Cup in Russia all earn. With teams such as Morocco, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Peru, Costa Rica, Korea Republic, Tunisia, Poland and Panama already on their way back home in the first round, one can also wonder whether their failed but well-heeled coaches will retain their big salaries. Player fees get much attention but coaches’ pay often go unnoticed. It is understandable that many are curious about international stars’ unbelievable weekly salaries, oftentimes more than leaders of state rake in monthly Neymar and Cristiano Ronaldo are but two examples. Joachim Loew leads the coaching pack of high earners with a fee of R59 million. He helped Germany win the 2014 World Cup in Brazil and they are also reigning champions of the Fifa Confederations Cup, having brushed aside Chile in the final. The 58-year-old took charge of his home country’s team in 2006 and they finished third in the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. Next on the list of financially comfortable coaches is Brazil’s Tite, who earns R6m less, with Didier Deschamps of France in third place with R53,8m. Spain’s Fernando Hierro earns R46m and host nation Russia’s Stanislav Cherchesov rakes in R39,4m. The 56-year-old Tite took the reins from Dung in 2014 and Brazil are looking good in Group E this year. They currently lead the standings with four points after victory over Costa Rica and a draw against Switzerland. Aliou Cisse of Senegal, whose team is on the brink of qualification for the knockout stages of the World Cup, is the lowest earner of them all with R3,1m – R56m less than Loew. Cisse’s salary is estimated to be R9m less than South Africa’s Bafana Bafana coach Stuart Baxter earns. The other difference between them, of course, is that the dreadlocked coach is at the World Cup today, while the Scot’s team failed to qualify.