OPERATION Buya Mthetho is not targeting taxis, but all
vehicles that are not fit to be on the roads. That was a message from the Joburg Metro Police Department
in defence against the allegations that they are unlawfully targeting and
impounding taxis. On Monday, Alexandra based taxi association embarked on a
strike over impounded taxis and other issues, leaving commuters stranded. Yesterday, JMPD cleared the air on the allegations. JMPD Chief, David Tembe said, “We have been impounding
roadworthy and dangerous vehicles off the road. “Operation Buya Mtheto is there to deal with lawlessness in
the city of Joburg. “Let me make it clear, we are not targeting taxis, we deal
with the issues that have been raised by the community,” he said. He said the public have complained about vehicles that are
facing oncoming traffic, skips the red light, and doesn’t obey road markings
and those that are not in a state of carrying commuters. “The vehicles that are driving on the emergency lane,
skipping red lights and driving on oncoming traffic, that’s our target, we are
targeting these vehicles. He said if the taxis are in the ones who are breaking the
laws of the road, they will be the majority of vehicles that are impounded. He said since they have started impounding vehicles in that
operations, no complaints have been lodged against the JMPD. Tembe said in the pound they have: “Since March, we have impounded 408 vehicles, 341 of these
were unlicensed and unregister,” he said. In the pound, taxis however are not the majority if
vehicles. Some vehicles don’t have discs while some are in bad shape. Joburg Mayor, Herman Mashaba said he was worried about one
vehicle that has been in the pound for 10 days, but it has been granted a
roadworthy certificate without being to the testing station. He said the person whom came to collect the car with
fraudulently released papers should have been arrested, including the testing
station official who released those documents. “Next time something like this happens, I’m going to lay
charges on the Chief of JMPD and the MMC of public safety.” 