Cops have recovered six vehicles that
were reported stolen in Limpopo and Gauteng. Police spokesperson Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said the
recovery and the arrest of the suspects 
follows a sting Intelligence led Joint operation. Ngoepe said in the process of following the tracks of
this syndicate, three suspects aged between 19 and 31 were arrested in Morarela
village while driving in a silver Renault Clio with false registration numbers. He said the preliminary investigations revealed that the
vehicle was reported stolen at Sunnyside in the Gauteng Province during March
2017. The operation continued in the area leading to the
recovery of a stolen red Nissan 1400 which was reported stolen at Primrose also
in the Gauteng Province during May 2018. "Two more vehicles were also confiscated in
Kleinbewel village, a blue Mazda 323 with false registration numbers which was
reported stolen at Germiston in the Gauteng Province during May 2015 and a
white Hyundai truck without registration numbers which was reported stolen at
Rietgat in the Gauteng Province during July 2017. "The suspects in this recovered motor vehicles are
still being traced ," he said. In Dicheung village, a 43-year-old suspect was arrested
after he was found in possession of another suspected stolen white Hyundai
pick-up truck which was also reported stolen in Germiston in the Gauteng
Province. Ngoepe said this operation moved to Tsantsabela  village where a Hundayi Accent blue in colour
which was reported stolen in Germiston in the Gauteng Province was recovered
and the suspects involved are still at large. In Thohoyandou another 34-year-old man was arrested for
possession of suspected stolen motor vehicle and a VW polo was recovered. The
preliminary Police investigations have revealed that this car was stolen in
Lorraine village in Sekororo  outside
Tzaneen during March 2018. Ngoepe said the estimated value of The vehicles is about
R1. 8 million. The arrested suspects will soon appear before the
Mahwelereng and Thohoyandou Magistrate's Courts soon facing charges of
possession of suspected stolen motor vehicles. The Saps Acting Provincial Commissioner Major General
Jan  Scheepers has commended members who
took part in this  operations for their splendid
work. "We will not rest until all those who rob others off
their hard earned belongings face the full might of the law and are brought to
book ," said  Scheepers.