Local actress Amanda Du Pont is turning 30 today and she is celebrating in style. The Skeem Saam actress is currently in the beautiful tropical nation of Maldives to celebrate her milestone. She took to social media to share some gorgeous snaps of herself having breakfast at a luxurious villa on the morning of her special day. “Breakfast this morning at our water villa, Happy Birthday it is!” she wrote on Instagram. “What a dream! God knew I needed this year to be a turn around...Calling it the turnaround 30! This year my life has been a turn around. He has elevated me to spaces and levels only His grace could do. And in turn increased my faith. I’m just so grateful for the gift of life.” Other celebrities who also celebrated their birthdays this week are Bonang Matheba, who threw a massive party at Johannesburg hotspot Taboo, and Thando Thabethe, who also had star studded birthday party of her own. Check out Amanda's beautiful pictures below: (Use arrows to scroll sideways) Breakfast this morning at our water villa??Happy Birthday it is! • What a dream! God knew I needed this year to be a turn around...Calling it the turn around 30! This year my life has been a turn around. He has elevated me to spaces and levels only His grace could do. And in turn increased my faith. I’m just so grateful for the gift of life???? • @veliganduisland @crownchamparesorts thank you for the most magical treatment and extras you are doing to make my day even more magical ???? #crownchamparesorts #veliganduisland #maldives A post shared by  Amanda du-Pont (@amandadupont) on Jun 26, 2018 at 3:03am PDT  Heading in to my birthday like...?? • #dirty30 #veliganduisland #crownchamparesorts #maldives @veliganduisland @crownchamparesorts A post shared by  Amanda du-Pont (@amandadupont) on Jun 25, 2018 at 8:26pm PDT  It’s so beautiful here I could cry ???????? pictures do not do @veliganduisland justice #bdayloading #freshofftheplane #veliganduisland #crownchamparesorts A post shared by  Amanda du-Pont (@amandadupont) on Jun 25, 2018 at 2:52am PDT  