LET’S commit to making sexual and reproductive health available to all. The Guttmacher-Lancet Commission on Sexual and Reproductive Health and Rights – a project by health, development and human rights experts from around the world – called on all governments, agencies, organisations and people to make sexual and reproductive health and rights a reality. Speaking at the report’s launch in Joburg, Dr Alex Ezeh, commission co-chair and former executive director of the African Population and Health Research Centre, said: “Gaps in sexual and reproductive health and rights worldwide take a terrible toll on people, communities and economies. We must fix this problem.” The commission’s report on worldwide sexual and reproductive health discovered some shocking facts – every year, all over the world: - More than 200 million women want to avoid pregnancy but are not using modern contraception. - More than 45 million women do not get adequate antenatal or post-birth care or get none at all. - More than 30 million women give birth outside of a health facility. - 25 million unsafe abortions. - As many as 180 million couples may be affected by infertility. “For too long the world has accepted these bleak realities as unchangeable . Our report shows how they can be overcome by creating a roadmap that countries can use to put essential services and interventions in place,” said Ann Starrs, commission co-chair, president and CEO of the Guttmacher Institute. “We have the means and knowledge to achieve universal sexual and reproductive health and rights. Meaningful progress is possible, it is affordable and it is vital. “Access to sexual and reproductive health services saves lives, improves health and wellbeing, promotes gender equality, increases productivity and increases household income.” Improving health depends not only on implementing effective programmes but also advancing the rights of those most often neglected or excluded from discussing the right to freely choose what is right for them.