Kaizer Chiefs legend Doctor “16V” Khumalo’s future with Absa Premiership side Baroka FC seems uncertain. Khumalo joined Baroka last season as the technical director, but now the club chairman, Khurishi Mphahlele, told SunSport during his club’s unveiling of the new technical team and new players that they were waiting to hear from their new head coach, Wedson Nyirenda, if he would love to work with the former Bafana Bafana midfielder or not. Khumalo was not even present at the club’s headquarters inGa-Mphahlele, in Limpopo, when Bakgaga officially announced the former Zambia national team head coach as the new man in charge on a two-year contract. “We’re still going to decide on Doctor’s future,” said Mphahlele. “His (Doctor’s) contract with Baroka will end at the end of this month. “I’m waiting Nyirenda to tell me whether he will need Doctor’s services or not. “Doctor joined us to help our former coach Kgoloko Thobejane. We don’t want to interfere with the new coach’s job and want him to work with his own people. “So, I’m waiting to hear from Nyirenda.” Khumalo, who was in charge of Baroka’s last three league matches last season on an interim basis, has also been linked with a return to Soweto giants Amakhosi, as they are still looking for a new head coach to replace Steve Komphela. On appointing the former Chiefs striker (Nyirenda), Mphahlele said he was impressed with his CV and where he had worked before. “Firstly, Nyirenda is a very humble person and if you look at his track record, you will be impressed,” said Mphahlele. Before Nyirenda joined his national team last year, he coached Zambian outfits Zesco United in the 2008/09 season, winning the championship and then in the 2009/10 season he won another championship with Zenaco FC and then he joined Mozambique side Ferroviario Da Beira, winning a championship after 92 years without lifting it. Nyirenda told SunSport: “I’ve coached many teams and built them to be championship material and win trophies. “I’m here to do the same with Baroka and I want them to be a team that will challenge for trophies, and I believe if we work as a team and family, we can achieve that.” Nyirenda added: “I’ve always wanted to come and coach in the Premier Soccer League here in South Africa, as it is my second home from Zambia. “I did well at Chiefs as a player and want to do well as a coach at Baroka. “I’m thankful to chairman Khurishi Mphahlele and the club management for giving me this chance.” Mphahlele added that Nyirenda’s mandate for next season was to guide the Limpopo-based side, which survived relegation last season, to finish in the top eight. “We want to see the team being stable and also challenge for trophies,” added Mphahlele.