Media personality Minnie Dlamini is currently in Russia ahead of the FIFA World Cup on a quest to find the coolest Russians to bring back to Mzansi. READ: WATCH: MINNIE TAKES RUSSIA She has found four lucky Russians to bring back home to experience the World Cup Mzansi style. The Homeground host recently took to Instagram to introduce the cool Russian soccer fanatics who are on their way to Mzansi. “Mzansi we have found our Russians,” Minnie said in the first video. Slava, the first lucky Russian coming to Mzansi, showed Minnie the biggest stadium in Russia before Veronica, the second Russian, took her on a fabulous shopping spree. The final two lucky Russians coming to South Africa are Dima and Tatyana and they helped Minnie explore the very best of Russian cuisine. These four lucky Russians will get their opportunity to explore the best fan culture in the world. “Please make sure you show them a good time,” Minnie said. While Minnie will be in Russia filming her show From Russia with Love, she will be getting help from none other than Somizi, who will be hosting the Russians to give them the ultimate South African Experience. “We all know that mina I speak is’Russian so I’m gonna take u’Minnie up on her offer and host her friends from Russia. Mina and my friends from DStv will show them the time of their lives,” said Somizi. There are a lot of cool hangout spots the Russians can visit during their stay in Mzansi. And for the first time, Supersport will broadcast all 64 matches on DStv compact and Premium. We have found our first 2 Russians ?? They are really awesome people, I got to spend some time with them. Meet Slava and Veronica ?? #MinnieTakesRussia A post shared by  Minnie (@minniedlamini) on May 29, 2018 at 8:02am PDT  South Africa meet our final 2 Russians ???? Dima & Tatyana ?? #MinnieTakesRussia A post shared by  Minnie (@minniedlamini) on May 30, 2018 at 7:53am PDT  We all know that mina I speak is’Russian so I’m gonna take u’Minnie up on her offer and host her friends from Russia. Mina and my friends from @dstvza will show them the time of their lives. A post shared by  Somizi (@somizi) on Jun 1, 2018 at 7:01am PDT  