The queen of South African entertainment, Bonang Matheba finally gave her first interview on Real Talk this evening. After Anele Mdoda’s departure from the show, the stage was finally set for Bonang to appear on the show. She sat down with the show’s new host, Azania Mosaka and here’s what we learned from the interview. 1.	Never compete with anyone else Bonang spoke about the fact she never competes with anyone else, she is in a league of her own and not really bother by other people. The Being Bonang star, who is currently sitting on 6 million followers across her social media platforms, said she is only focused on being a better version of herself. “The best kind of competition is when you compete with yourself; the betterment of yourself. When you compete with other people it tends to be quite distracting, it removes you from what you were doing and what you want to accomplish. When you compete with yourself you better yourself and whether other people are happy or not it won’t matter” 2.	She is not a fighter Bonang also spoke about why she is always quiet when she gets attacked on social media. She said that being Cancerian means that she is a soft-hearted person who shies away from fights. “I tend to get back into my shell when there is a lot of commotion.  I tend to not waste my time on things that are not beneficial”. 3.	Her mentos The queen also gave a shout out to her mento who are media icons in their own right: Basetsana Kumalo, Khanyi Dlomo, Melanie Bala, Unathi, Lupi Ngcayisa, Bob Mabena, Andile Ncube, and Tumi Rabanye. 4.	#IAmBonang Bonang and Azania spoke about the #IAmBonang hashtag that erupted after queen B* set a troll in line. After standing up to a social media troll who tried to slut shame her into feeling guilty about the amount of men she has been with, women all over the country stood behind Bonang. “Women are called all sorts of names every single day just because they choose to do things differently. I am tired, I am 30, I have had enough. I can stand up for myself a little bit more; I am slowly coming out of my shell. 5.	She does breakdown The almost 31-year-old was asked if she ever has breakdowns given her well-manicured public image. “Absolutely, I do break down, I have to. That’s the reason I’m so strong because the breaking down does happen, it just happens around people who care enough to build me back up”. 6.	Never regret anything “I never regret anything; I never regret the relationships I’ve been in, the people I’ve connected with, the friendships I’ve had because at that very moment it is exactly what I wanted. 7.	DJ Zinhle When asked if she ever thinks about DJ Zinhle, what she thinks about her and if she has any regrets, her answer each time was simply: “I think a lot of things about a lot of people”. She also ended the show by saying: “I have not said anything about anything and I think it is better that I don’t. 