MACCABI FC striker Collins “Ntofo-Ntofo” Mbesuma has more reason not to retire after leading his ABC Motsepe League side to a historic promotion to the National First Division (NFD). The 34-year-old striker, who seemingly vanished into the wilderness after parting ways with Highlands Park in 2016, scored the winning goal for Maccabi in the semifinal when they defeated the Dolphins 3-1 to secure their place in the NFD next season. Ntofo-Ntofo was not done yet – in the final he was introduced in the second half to score the equaliser against TS Sporting FC, which saw the match go to penalties, where he also scored the winning penalty to bag a 5-4 victory after a 1-1 stalemate. The former Kaizer Chiefs and Zambia goal poacher is one of only five players to score more than 100 goals in the PSL era. The other players are Siyabonga “Bhele” Nomvethe, Daniel “Mambush” Mudau, Manuel “Tico-Tico” Bucuane and Mabhuti Khenyeza. “It was bound to happen (promotion), we have a good team,” Mbesuma said after helping Maccabi walk away with a whopping R1 million in prize money courtesy of the ABC Motsepe Foundation. “It’s a great feeling to help the team. I have to thank God. I have been out of the limelight for far too long because of injuries, but now I’m back and fit. Thanks to Maccabi management for giving me the opportunity and for the support they gave me while I was injured. “I’m grateful. They believed in me. I remember they told me ‘Mbesuma, you can take us to the NFD’.” Mbesuma still have ambitions of playing in the PSL but doesn’t want to take a short-cut by simply joining another team. He claims loyalty to Maccabi despite any money temptations that might come his way. He said: “I always plan ahead. We were in the ABC Motsepe League, now we’re in the NFD and the PSL is our next destination! “I’m not done yet. There is no limit for me, as long as I’m in good shape and I continue to stay fit, I will keep going. “I still have a few years to go. I have not thought about retiring. I enjoy playing wherever I am.” Runners-up TS Sporting, who also got promoted to the NFD, walked away with R500 000.