HE STARTED the race in the middle of the night, facing 90km of tarred road and relying on his crutches and his will to succeed. Fifteen hours and 50 minutes later he crossed the finish line at Moses Mabhida Stadium a national hero. BUT HIS JOURNEY TO RECOVERY STARTED MANY YEARS AGO UNDER A STORMWATER BRIDGE. Amputee Xolani Luvumo, a 34-year-old weekend athlete who works at a perfume factory in Pretoria, completed his first Comrades Marathon, running on crutches with only one leg. Xolani’s parents abandoned him when he was young. He lived with his gogo in the Eastern Cape. After his gogo died, young Xolani lived with his uncle. But soon his life spiralled out of control and he started a life on the streets. “I became addicted to nyaope. I was arrested and sentenced for using and selling drugs,” he said. He spent five years in prison and lost his leg to bone cancer. When he left prison, he lived under a bridge for seven years, still addicted to nyaope. Then, on 26 April 2016, his life changed when he met Hein Venter, who gave him a second chance. Venter was driving home one night and saw Xolani. He was moved to help him. Xolani went to rehab and attended Alcoholics Anonymous. “Venter means everything to me. For the first time I felt I was a man,” Xolani said. Venter said: “I saw Xolani on crutches and I decided to give him a chance. I offered him a job and he is now living in a flat in Mamelodi.” In September 2016 Xolani took part in a 5km fun run and in May 2017 he took part in his first 21km race. Last year he did his first marathon. When Xolani entered the Moses Mabhida Stadium on Sunday afternoon he was given a standing ovation. Xolani said radio stations like SAfm and Radio 702 phoned him and fans lined up at the Pinetown Premier Hotel for autographs. Xolani’s message is that people must not allow disability to get them down. His dream is to represent South Africa at the 2020 Paralympic Games in Tokyo, Japan. “Nothing beats the feeling of receiving a hero’s welcome from a big crowd,” he said.