SAMSON SAID when he went on early retirement his wife worked late, so he decided to do everything for her.He cooked, he cleaned, he did the washing – and for five years he washed her dirty panties.BUT WHEN HE GREW TIRED OF WASHING THEM, SHE LEFT HIM AND HE GOT MOERED FOR HIS TROUBLE! Samson Baloi (65) from Katlehong, Ekurhuleni told Daily Sun something told him he had enough. It was earlier this year when he finally decided to talk to his wife and tell her how he felt. The reaction was not what he was hoping for. His wife of more than 30 years accused him of abusing her emotionally and walked out. “Two weeks ago she came back with her friends. She opened the house for them and sat in the car while they beat me up. I was left with a bleeding nose and I couldn’t walk properly,” he claimed. “I want her to pay for what she did to me. What did I do to deserve to be treated like this?” He claimed his wife changed when he went on early retirement. “Seeing that my wife went out to work and came back late at night, I made sure I cooked and cleaned the house so that she could relax and take it easy when she got home,” he said. “But very soon, I did all the things a wife does and she did nothing. I had become the wife and she was the husband.” While he could accept just about anything, the panties became the real problem. He said his wife would just let her panties pile up and he would have to wash them and put them on the washline. “I fought with neighbours because they laughed at me when they saw me hanging panties on the washing line,” he said. “I thought if I stopped washing the panties she would understand how I felt, but they just kept on piling up, staying dirty until I washed them.” The wife said she wasn’t interested in speaking to Daily Sun. She said: “Has he told you his story? So write it down.” Captain Mega Ndobe, Katlehong SAPS spokesman, said a case of common assault was opened. “No arrest has been made so far. Investigations are continuing. “A docket will be taken to court for a decision,” he said.