Model, TV personality and entrepreneur, Shashi Naidoo has found herself in some steaming hot water after she made “ill-informed” and “ignorant” comments about Palestine. In several social media posts and comments that have now been deleted, Shashi expressed her pro-Isreali views and called Gaza a “shithole”. In one of her posts, which many have deemed offensive and uninformed, Shashi said: “Palestinians in Gaza are oppressed as a result of Israel being an Apartheid state, hence the protests”. Shashi also called the Palestinian fundamentalist organization named Hamas a “terrorist organization” and accused them of refusing to “acknowledge Israel’s right to exist” and thereby blaming them for being one of the reasons why a two-state solution cannot be reached. “No question, Gaza is a shithole of immense proportions,” she continued. Social media is up in arms over her comments with the mildest comments asking for her to “shut up and stick to modelling” and the wildest retaliation being the death threats she is currently receiving. Shashi has since deleted the offensive posts and replaced them with an apology, which she also deleted. In the apology, she said: "I am extremely sorry for the statements I have made, unfortunately my comments came from very little knowledge of the political standing as I am not a political figure or even follow politics." She then went on to post a video in which she was crying, pleading with people to accept her apology because she has been receiving death threats. Meanwhile, some of her sponsors have already dropped her as an ambassador and/or ended their relationship with her. “In light of recent statements made by Shashi Naidoo on Instagram, with regards to the Palestinian situation, I have decided to drop her as an ambassador for my brand and disassociate my brand from her completely,” said fashion designer, Adila Dhorat. Celebrity hair studio, Glampalm have also disassociate their brand from the mess. “The views and opinions expressed in Shashi Naidoo’s recent Instagram posts are those of Shashi Naidoo and do not reflect the position of Glampalm. At this time we would like to distance ourselves from these statements as we do not share or appreciate this political stance,” they said. Disclaimer !!! I will not accept any form of inhumanity Madiba proclaimed that our victory is incomplete untill the Palestinians are free. A post shared by  Adila Dhorat (@lil_jewels) on Jun 16, 2018 at 10:18am PDT  