The Chinese government has released 51 aspiring South
African teachers who were stranded in the country after being scammed. Some of the teachers had been in the country since June 2017
and others since April. "I can confirm that Chinese immigration had a meeting
with them [the group] and they have been advised that they will be flying
[them] back at their [China's] expense," the group's spokesperson Charl
Venter told News24. The group had been held in China to testify against their
agent, who had brought them from SA to teach in Asia. It is alleged that Owen Wang, who claimed to represent Sanda
Youth International, enticed the group to fly to China on study visas, on the
understanding that they would get work visas once there. They were detained because they had broken immigration laws,
but the Chinese government acknowledged that they had been scammed. Venter said the first group would fly out from China on
Monday and that their parents were ecstatic. "I deal with the parents and my phone has not stopped
ringing," he said. The Department of International Relations and Co-operation
(Dirco) also worked to secure the release of the group. 'Our minister has made a huge contribution' "Dirco really assisted by ensuring that they speak to
the right people and assisted by putting pressure on them [the Chinese
government]. "Our minister has made a huge contribution for
us," said Venter. South Africans raised more than R40 000 on crowdfunding
platform Backabuddy.co.za to contribute towards bringing the group home. "We are in contact with all the donors via email to ask
their blessing on what to do with the money [now that it is no longer
required]," said Venter. The alleged perpetrator of the scam is being held in China
and Venter said that it was unlikely that he still had operatives in SA. "Owen Wang is in custody and criminal procedures are
happening against him." Minister Lindiwe Sisulu earlier warned that South Africans
should be careful about accepting offers to work overseas. "We appeal to all South Africans to be cautious of
these scams and to check with the relevant authorities before travelling to
other countries. Dirco will continue to provide consular assistance to those
South Africans in distress and also to keep those affected families informed of
the latest developments." NEWS24