An out-of-court agreement has been reached between 'Please
Call Me' inventor Nkosana Makate and Vodacom. This after the cellular company went to court to apply for a
gag order against him, prohibiting the dissemination of any information
regarding settlement negotiations between them. The settlement negotiations have still not been completed
after Makate won a drawn-out battle with Vodacom, which has gone on for more
than 10 years, over compensation for the 'Please Call Me' product. The
Constitutional Court ruled that Vodacom must pay the inventor in 2016. Makate developed the "Please Call Me" product in
November 2000. On Tuesday, Vodacom approached the North Gauteng High Court
in Pretoria, seeking an interdict to prohibit Makate from disclosing any information
to outside parties. The matter was not argued in court because both parties
reached an agreement and a draft order was compiled to be put into effect by
Judge Natvarial Ranchod. In the order, Makate has undertaken not to disclose
confidential issues as defined in the confidential agreement. He is also not
allowed to discuss the content of the negotiations with any third parties,
including the media. "The respondent will make no such disclosures save for
those which, in terms of the confidentiality agreement, he is entitled to disclose,"
the order further reads. 'Don't have a problem with it' The order also noted that a complaint has been lodged with
the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors (IRBA) and the Companies and
Intellectual Property Commission (CIPC). The complaint relates to the turning down of an official
request, in terms of the Promotion of Access to Information Act (PAIA) lodged
by Makate, to get specific paragraphs of a KPMG forensic investigation report
from November 2008, Business Insider previously reported. The report allegedly con NEWS24tains crucial information that will
help Makate get paid. KPMG said the order against Vodacom does not apply to it and
Makate will have to go to court again to compel its disclosure. Makate told News24 on Tuesday that he was happy with the
order, but described the court application as a bullying tactic. "We obviously gravitate towards an agreement, and this
order was by agreement. It's already the undertaking that I made without coming
to court, so I am happy and don't have a problem with it," Makate said. He added that, because he had already undertaken to not
disclose information, the court application was not necessary. Makate said he looked forward to closing the chapter but
said a date for the finalisation of the matter had still not been set. NEWS24