Jacob Khawe is back in his position as mayor of Emfuleni. The ANC in Gauteng believes Khawe is committed to serving
the community after he resigned from the position of mayor, just six months
after starting the job. Provincial secretary Hope Mankwana Papo said ANC
provincial officials met with Khawe on Thursday to discuss the implementation
of the provincial executive committee's decision to direct the provincial
government to intervene in the struggling municipality. Papo said Khawe reaffirmed his commitment to serving the
community and ensuring the municipality met its constitutional obligations of
service delivery to the community. A source confirmed to News24 that the municipality is no
longer under administration. News24 reported earlier this week that Khawe resigned
with immediate effect in retaliation to the decision to place the struggling
municipality under semi-administration. Papo said it was confirmed that an unsigned letter citing
Khawe's request to step down as mayor was received by the office of the
provincial secretary. "However, the provincial officials did not accept
the request because they believe Cde Khawe is making a positive contribution to
the task of bringing Emfuleni Local Municipality back on track," he said. "The meeting further agreed that the Executive Mayor
of Emfuleni and the premier of Gauteng will work together on the details of the
intervention to implement the PEC decision which they will jointly announce
early next week." Last week News24 reported that the decision to place the
municipality under semi-administration was seen as an attempt to undercut
Khawe's bid to contest the provincial secretary position at the upcoming ANC
Gauteng elective conference later this month. Khawe is expected to go against incumbent Papo, who is
closely aligned with Gauteng Premier David Makhura. However, other sources said at the time that the
municipality was cash strapped and struggling to deliver basic services,
including paying utility bills and garbage collection, leaving Makhura no
choice but to place it under administration. Khawe was appointed mayor last year, replacing Simon
Mofokeng after he was accused of sexually grooming a 14-year-old girl. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/anc-says-emfuleni-mayor-back-on-the-job-20180608