PHOTOGRAPHERS Len Kumalo and Bongani Mnguni were working for The World newspaper during the 1976 Student Uprising. Mnguni (67) said he was not initially assigned to cover the event that happened outside Naledi High School. “I was driving towards my daughter’s school which was opposite Orlando High School,” said Mnguni. But then he saw group of pupils gathered near the school gate. “As I got closer I heard pupils chanting and singing. There were cops armed with guns and sjamboks on the other side of the road. Some had dogs that looked ready to attack. I stopped at the side of the road and went to ask the pupils what was going on. I was told they were marching to Orlando Stadium.” He said he took his child home and called the office to tell them where he was. Then he rushed back to the school and waited for something to happen. “Then I put my equipment to use. The cops were monitoring the pupils when a police dog escaped from its leash and ran after the schoolkids. That is what sparked the havoc. Pupils started running around and some went back to the school.” Mnguni said an officer ran to catch the dog but the damage was already done. “Some male pupils stabbed the dog. When the handler saw his dog was dead he fired into the air to warn the pupils.” Chaos ensued. “Kids were screaming and running for their lives. The cops on the street started firing teargas and live rounds. “When Youth Day is observed the government doesn’t emphasise the significance of what the pupils were fighting for. The youth use it as an opportunity to have fun and drink booze instead of celebrating what the Class of 1976 fought for.” “It was a normal day at the office although the people who came from ekasi to run errands in the CBD told us about the protest,” he said. Kumalo said it sounded as if Soweto had turned into a warzone, so he went to check on his relatives in Mofolo. “As I was approaching Orlando Stadium, all I could see was rubbish in the street. I stopped the car and took my equipment out of the boot. I took pictures of the kids who were standing in the middle of the street. It seemed the chaos had died down.” But then the kids told their older siblings he was taking pictures of them. “My camera was snatched from me and damaged. I thought I was going to die.” He said the pupils took him to the councillor’s office and instructed him to throw a stone to prove he was not a spy. “I had no choice. There were loud screams all around me. I thought that was the end of it,” he said. Kumalo said the pupil took him with them as they looted bottle stores and municipal offices. “When it got dark I managed to escape. I was terrified.” He said he didn’t tell anyone about the ordeal when he got to Mofolo. “I only told my sister the following day,” he said. Kumalo said the government is failing the youth by downplaying the significance of June 16. “Nobody in government seems interested in what the youth of 1976 fought for. Instead of investing in the education of young people, the day is spent hosting minor commemorations. That is nothing compared to the sacrifices made by the youth.”