The SA Football Association (Safa) and the Council of Southern Africa Football Associations (Cosafa) will welcome the United States’ 2026 Fifa World Cup bidding team in Polokwane, Limpopo, this weekend. The USA, part of a joint bid for the 2026 showpiece along with Canada and Mexico, is expected in Joburg today before moving to Polokwane where the delegation will meet the different presidents of the Cosafa regions. The bidding team hopes to win Cosafa’s support for its bid presentation at a congress in Moscow, Russia, on 13 June, where the country will be competing with fellow bidders Morocco, who do not enjoy much support in Africa. Just five days after his reappointment as Safa president, Danny Jordaan finally made time to talk to sports reporters and outline his plans for the future. The big elephant in the room was whether Safa would vote for Morocco as hosts, which would go against the wishes of the government as expressed by Sport Minister Tokozile Xasa, but the Safa supremo said they would discuss the matter at their special national executive committee meeting in Limpopo on Sunday. Said Jordaan: “We met with Morocco two weeks ago and they wanted my help, considering that we hosted the first African World Cup. But the cards are heavily stacked against Morocco – their numbers don’t add up. All 211 countries have to vote and there are criteria. For instance, for a stadium that’s ready, you get three votes but zero for those you’re still planning to build. Morocco has five and plans to build another five. The USA has 23 ready to host.” The world will know who has impressed the bid committee most on 14 June. Jordaan confirmed Safa’s decision will be made on Sunday when they will also vote for the three new vice-presidents who will work with him. He explains: “The constitution says at least one vice-presidents must be a woman. And in particular order, based on the votes during the elective congress, we have Ria Ledwaba, Xolile Nkompela, Natasha Tsichlas and Emma Hendricks. But we can’t have the top three because two are women, which is against the agreement. NEC members will cast their votes for their preferred candidates.”