FORMER Ajax Cape Town defender David Kannemeyer claims that the management are to blame for the Urban Warriors’ relegation to the National First Division (NFD). Kannemeyer, who also had a short spell as Ajax development coach, told SunSport yesterday that he saw it coming years ago. Ajax got relegated after they were docked nine points for fielding ineligible Tendai Ndoro against Platinum Stars, Supersport United and Polokwane City. But the former Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns player said their relegation was a long time coming. “It’s sad for Ajax fans and the people of Cape Town to see Ajax get relegated,” said Kannemeyer. “But sometimes you have to be honest and call a spade a spade. “I am also sad to see the club which had helped many launch their football careers go down. We all worked hard to build the Ajax brand. “But the truth is Ajax deserved to go down and the management are to blame. They do not respect players and the people working hard behind the scenes.” Kannemeyer claims that the management fail to take care of players. “They treat players like cheap labour, forgetting that they need to be taken care of. How do you pay a player R10 000 these days and expect him to deliver week after week? Some guys were earning R4 000 a month for coaching the development players. “As sad as it is, I do not see them returning from the NFD unless they start respecting people.” The 40-year-old former Bafana Bafana star was one of the players who were with Ajax at the beginning when they amalgamated with Cape Town Spurs in 1999, before he moved to Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs in 2000. Kannemeyer says Ajax bosses must learn from Mamelodi Sundowns president Patrice Motsepe, who “respects his players and everyone at Chloorkop” despite being a billionaire. “Sundowns are one of the big teams on the African continent today because their president respects everyone. Ajax could have gone far if management respected people but they don’t. So I cannot cry for them.” Kannemeyer now coaches ABC Motsepe side Cape Town Magic FC after leaving NFD outfit Cape Town All Stars, which have been sold to well-known player agent Tim Sukazi, who renamed the club TS Galaxy.