ABSA Premiership and National First Division (NFD) teams wasted no time in opening their chequebooks to acquire the talent they want for the 2018-19 PSL season. Just a week into the 2017-18 season ended, but teams like Chippa United and SuperSport United have already set the transfer market ablaze. Their quick actions have given an indication that this off-season window period will be the busiest of them all considering that Kaizer Chiefs and Bidvest Wits have promised a complete overhaul of their squads, following a disappointing 2017-18 campaign. The Clever Boys failed to defend their two titles – League and MTN8 – which they won during the 2016-2017 campaign and Chiefs have been on a serious drought going three seasons without winning any silverware. But so far the Chilli Boys are the busiest of them all having already confirmed six signings in less than seven days. At the same time they have released one player – Buyani Sali. The Port Elizabeth-based outfit have re-called produgal son, Dan “Dance” Malesela as their head coach for the next three seasons. As reported in SunSport yesterday veteran centreback, Thabo Nthethe has joined them on a one-year deal, Gift Motupa committed from Orlando Pirates having spent the past season at Baroka FC. The Chilli Boys have also confirmed three new faces from NFD – Boikanyo Komane from Royal Eagles, Ntuxeko “Nation” Ndlovu and Lucky Setelele both from Cape Town All Stars. Furthermore, SunSport has reliably learnt that Pirates are eyeing Chippa attacking midfielder Linda Mntambo who joined the club during the January transfer window. Mntambo joined Chippa from Jomo Cosmos in the NFD alongside Frederic Nsabiyumva and Abel Mabaso. An informant close to the situation confirmed that Mntambo will be joining Pirates for next season. Said the informant: “He’s a marvellous player who can score five goals and win awards. He will be joining Pirates.” Meanwhile SuperSport United have also secured the services of Under-20 defender Luke Fleurs.