NEW Polokwane City FC coach Jozef Vukusic says he is confident that he will turn the club’s fortunes around if he gets the co-operation of all the players. Vukusic, who turns 54 in August, was unveiled by club boss Johnny Mogaladi in Polokwane yesterday along with seven newly signed players, including former Maritzburg United and Free State Stars’ Mohammed Anas. The other players signed by the club are Lehlohonolo Nhlapo, Themba Chauke, Khayalethu Mjoli, Tebogo Kalake, Bongani Manavhela and Msekeli Mvalo. “I am happy to be here,” the Slovakian coach told the media yesterday as he confirmed his four-year contract. “To coach in the Absa Premiership is an honour and I would like to thank the club chairman for giving me this opportunity. “It is interesting for me to come from Europe to coach in South Africa. But I am ready for the challenge. “I have done my research about Polokwane City and I watched some of their matches. “I am here to improve and develop the players and the club. I believe we can achieve our objectives if we work as team, starting with management. “I have seen that African players have the potential to grow big and I am here to work on that.” The former Al Ahly coach replaces Bernard Molekwa, who becomes his assistant. This is not Vukusic’s first time coaching in South Africa, as he spent two years with National First Division side FC Cape Town in 2010. Vukusic has also coached in Libya. Mogaladi is optimistic that Vukusic is the right man to help his club improve next season. “We have been talking to him for a while and he has been in the country,” said Mogaladi. “For me as chairman, last season was not good. We analysed what happened and today we are fixing that problem.” Meanwhile, Manavhela, the goalkeeper who joined them from Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila on a three-year contract, was equally ecstatic. “I am happy to join Polokwane City and aim to work hard to be a regular in the team next season. It is a dream come true for me to play in the PSL. I am happy and want to make everyone proud.” City will face newly promoted Limpopo rivals Black Leopards in their opening 2018-19 Absa Premiership match on 4 August.