WHILE the rest of the world is celebrating Russia hosting the Fifa World Cup starting on Thursday, prominent Russian ultra-marathon runner Alexandra Morozova is NOT in a celebratory mood. The Russian has accumulated close to R400 000 in the last two Comrades Marathon races but organisers have refused to pay up. She finished Sunday’s instalment in third place (6:20:21) and came second last year. Third place finishers get R170 000 and second place finishers R220 000 but because she runs as a Russian athlete instead of as an independent competitor, the money has been held back. Russia has been suspended by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) for doping. Even though she might not have been implicated in any doping scandals, she runs for a federation that is not recognised by the world body and its member associations, which prevents her from getting any prize money. But the athlete argues she has spent a lot of money on training, travelling and accommodation to compete in the country for a second year running without getting the money she believes she won fair and square. She even quit her job to commit to running full-time and look after her sick mum, ”and the money would go a long way in assisting with medical bills”. Morozova’s mistake was registering for the Comrades as a Russian athlete rather than using the same tactics as her compatriots who enter international competitions as individuals or neutrals to avoid the sanction. This modus operandi has been used at the IAAF World Championships and Olympics. The Comrades Marathon Association needs Athletics SA’s approval to pay the athlete, but ASA has taken a firm stand not to pay. Said Morozova: “I have not been paid last year’s winnings. My life has not changed financially and that money would have helped me a lot. “The funds would have helped my mother. The controversy about the prize money and ASA’s position on this has hit me hard. I don’t see myself competing here again next year.” Controversially, she claims to have received a clearance letter from the IAAF: “The IAAF sent me a letter stating I’m eligible to compete in the Comrades. But ASA refuses to pay me.” However, ASA insists that she needs a letter stating that she is a registered neutral athlete. ASA president Aleck Skhosana and SA Sport Minister Thokozile Xasa both commented on the matter. Said Skhosana: “The rules of the organiser do not supersede the rules of the organisation. She won’t get her money – as long as Russia is suspended, she won’t get her money. There are processes to be followed, she is not listed as a neutral competitor. Once this is sorted out, the Russians are welcome. What if we gave her money and she tested positive? Where do we report her, because Russia is suspended?” Xasa added: “I feel for her, but there is nothing we can do to help her.”