The 2018 Cell C Inanda Africa Cup polo tournament is fast approaching and with that comes an announcement of the official teams and all the other details that you need to know. The tournament, now its eight year, is one of the most prestigious events on the polo calendar, showcasing some of Africa's most exceptional polo players represented by teams from Ghana, Nigeria, South Africa, Zambia and Zimbabwe. And of course, when events of such a high caliber take place, the who’s who of high society always show up. Besides all the polo action, the Inanda Africa cup is also known as a must-attend entertainment and lifestyle event drawing the very best in celebrity and fashion. This year’s tournament promises to be an action-packed day with a display of exceptional horsemanship. And of course, all of this will take place in front of a 3 500-strong audience. The participating teams have been announced and include a stellar player lineup with two of the continent’s top women polo players, Neku Atawodi from Nigeria and our very own Ritali Cronje. Neku Atawodi, one of Africa’s finest female polo players, is an Equine Sports Scientist with an international polo career spanning a decade. As a first time Africa Cup player, she is set to play in the Nigerian Team, captained by notable businessman and Nairobi Club Vice chairman, Rapheal Nzomo. Club Chairman of the Lusaka Polo and highly recognized business mogul, Ritali Cronje is a seasoned player who will feature in the six-match, eight-team tournament. Having evolved over the decades, females have made their professional mark on the field of the equestrian sport. Joining them is the young rising South African star, Nathi Chabala, who was awarded the Most Valued Player (MVP) at the Inanda Development Cup 2018, as well as David Evans, a skillful Springbok goal polo player. The South African Team, Chopolopolo, also boasts star female players, Ritali Cronje and Diego Casilli. Representing Ghana (Ghana Polistas) will be Harold Awuah Darko Sn, Harold Awuah Darko Jnr, Joseph Awuah Darko Jnr and high-profile player Brad MacGibbon. Promising up-and-coming player, Smart Kuusawa, who is also one of very few black polo players in Zimbabawe (Titan Law Team) will lead the team representing the Southern African team. The highest handicap player for this year’s Africa Cup, Leroux Hendriks, returns this season as the captain of the Nigerian team, STL Nigeria, to up his ranks and will play alongside team mates, Seyi Tinubu, Yasin Amusan and Musa Dantala Ibrahim, who are certain to put on an impressive game. Team Nedbank, captained by its Patron, Mike Davis, the Group Executive at Nedbank will include Zompie Tsotetsi, who won the Most Valued Player (MVP) awards at the Inanda Development Cup in 2015 and 2016 after he joined the Inanda Polo Academy in 2014, JP Rey and seasoned polo pro Terrance Spilsburry. But the fun doesn’t end on the field though, the Inanda Africa Cup will also provide revelers with a host of entertainment choices. Polo enthusiasts will enjoy a variety of festivities to create the perfect afternoon of what Inanda calls ‘African luxury’. With this year’s theme being ‘Africa Beats’, one can certainly look forward to a day of fashion and celerbities looking regal as always. All of this will go down on Sunday, 26 August 2018 from 10:00 until 18:00 at the Inanda Club in Sandton, Johannesburg. Tickets and hospitality packages are already available for purchase from Ticketpro. 