In the wake of the chaotic shop looting that rocked Soweto on Wednesday, government and political parties have called for calm. Much of Soweto was a scene of chaos when an act of violence spurred and angered residents. Frustrated with the fake goods shops operated by foreign nationals sell, residents took matters into their own hands. Acting National Commissioner of the South African Police Service Lieutenant General Lebeoana Jacob Tsumane has condemned the looting. Three people died, one injured and 27 were arrested in some parts of Soweto for various crimes including murder, attempted murder, possession of unlicensed firearms and public violence. PHOTO GALLERY: SOWETO LOOTING! Two unlicensed firearms were also seized and more arrests are expected. “Taking the law into your own hands is tantamount anarchy and as the police we will not stand by and let lawlessness to reign,” Tsumane said. “I am calling on the community leaders and the community at large to reclaim their streets by partnering with the police in the fight against any criminality.” The MEC for Economic Development Environment Agriculture and Rural Development Lebogang Maile has called for police to investigate the circumstances that led to the three deaths. “If the root cause of the looting and targeting of foreign nationals owned shops is the selling of fake products and goods, we need to act in the best interest of our people,” he said. “Tough action needs to be taken against those responsible, but this does not require the affected communities to take the law into their own hands.” The African National Congress has also expressed concern over the selling of fake goods. “The ANC calls on the relevant authorities such as the National Consumer Commission, the Department of Health, Municipal authorities to do an on-spot investigation with health inspectors, remove the fake products and expired goods,” ANC’s Pule Mabe said. “We further call on the South African Bureau of Standards (SABS), business community, chambers and other interested parties to work with our communities to monitor the movement of these expired products as this also has serious trade ramifications. “Illicit trade is an economic leakage that can destroy small and medium enterprises in the food production value chain.”  