PITSO Mosimane cannot overemphasise the significance of competing in and winning the Caf Champions League. Playing on the continent is his passion and nothing would compensate for possibly coming up short in Caf’s prestigious club competition – certainly not success in the MTN8 Cup. The truth is, however, it could be all over for the Brazilians in this year’s Champions League. “If we don’t win, we are out of the competition,” Mosimane rightly puts it ahead of their do-or-die group C fixture against Horoya AC at Lucas Moripe Stadium tonight (6pm). His aspirations of conquering the continent hang in the balance due to Downs’ indifferent run of results in the group stages. They sit third with five points in Group C after just one win from five matches. Anything less than a win will prove disastrous for the 2016 champions, with Horoya needing only a draw to go through to the knockout phase. “We have a difficult programme but I thought we managed it well,” said Mosimane. “We knew it wouldn’t be easy – but it’s the price you pay for being ambitious. We were involved in three different competitions in six days, all with their own different emotions. “The Champions League is important, more so than the MTN8. It’s also important for Bafana Bafana that we play on the continent.” The Tshwane giants moved their afternoon training session to the Atteridgeville venue yesterday, seemingly to reacquaint themselves with the place of their successful campaign two years ago. But a lot has changed since the triumphant night when they trounced Zamalek 3-0 in the first leg of the final. Star players Keagan Dolly, Percy Tau, Khama Billiat and key defenders Thabo Nthethe and Asavela Mbekile are no longer with them. But Mosimane still have the cavalrymen, including Hlompho Kekana, Denis Onyango, Wayne Arendse and Anthony Laffor, who can deliver the goods in such a pressure situation. Mosimane added: “We must win at all costs. It’s a desperate situation. We have to go for it. We know what we are facing. We just have to do what we have to do. “Honestly, we should have won it in Conakry but conceded from a set-piece. We have to be careful this time.” He conceded that group matches are not about goals, but the number of points accumulated, “even an own goal can win you a match”. Reckons Mosimane: “We have a chance to go through to the knockout stage. “One goal should be enough. But the reality is that, based on stats, the odds are against us. I’ve seen games where one team dominates but end up losing. “But at Sundowns we attack. We like playing teams that go pound for pound. Pirates gave us that locally. Cape Town City FC gave us that on Saturday (in the MTN8 semifinal’s first leg).” Meanwhile, Horoya coach Victor Zvunka said their goal was to get out of the group, and they aim to get a draw that will give them one point – “which should be enough”. He said: “But when you get into a game, playing for a draw can be difficult. We have the ambition to win. “We will be cautious, of course. They lost their striker but they’re a competitive team. We watched their last two games on the internet. They fielded two different teams. “It will be tough.” Sundowns have indeed lost Tau to Royale Union Saint-Gilloise, while Billiat joined Kaizer Chiefs.