Renowned musician, Candy "Tsa Mandebele" Mokwena has reflected on the past seven years with her first-born son and how she still expects to see him come home. Her son, Phetole Lesley Mokwena died in a car accident on the 2nd of August 2011 when he was just 17. In an emotional post on Instagram, Candy reflected on the difficulties of losing a child and how, seven years later, she is still picking up the pieces. “At the age of 17 I became a mother for the first time. 13th Jan-1987 I give birth to a bouncing baby boy and named Phetole Lesley Mokwena but your friends called you Skhopo. I’ve accepted, learned and understand that you’re in a better place now in God’s Kingdom. It’s been 7 years without you, but still when I hear the knock on my door thinking that it may be you I’m missing you dearly son, R.I.P SON,” she said. Her heartbreaking message has left fans reeling with empathy, many sharing words of encouragement with the Siku ne Siku hit-maker. She also took the opportunity to let mothers who have lost their children know that they are never alone. “To all mothers who lost their children, know that you’re not alone. God gives you all the strength to wake up and face another day with a smile knowing that your loved ones are in a better place in God’s Heaven/Kingdom," she said. Candy has a seven-year-old daughter who looks just like his late brother did at her age. At the age of 17 I became a mother for the first time 13th Jan-1987 I give birth to a bouncing babby boy and named you Phetole Lesley Mokwena but your friends calls you Skhopo, each year on this day 2nd of August 2011 Tuesday morning 6:30am....the day you left me with goodbye passed away through car Excident i excepted, learned and understand that your in a better place now in God’s Kingdom, it’s been 7 years without you, but still when I here the knock in my door thinking that it may be you I’m missing you dearly son, R.I.P SON ??????, to all Mother’s who lost their children know that your not alone God gives you all the strength to wakeup and face another day with smile knowing that you’re loved ones are in a better place in God’s Heaven/Kingdom #womandla?#celebratingyourlifeeveryday #womens’smonth A post shared by  Candy TsamandebeleSA ???? (@candytsamandebelesa) on Aug 2, 2018 at 3:26am PDT  Little princess ???? on his right she was 5 months old when he passed away now she is 7 on grade 2 very brave and intelligent ?? just like her father | THANK ???? YOU MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORTIVE MESSAGES” God bless all of you #iamstronglovingwoman #sikunesiku A post shared by  Candy TsamandebeleSA ???? (@candytsamandebelesa) on Aug 2, 2018 at 11:20am PDT   