NO-NONSENSE Bidvest Wits coach Gavin Hunt has warned his players not to get carried away by their fantastic start in the Absa Premiership. The Clever Boys have hit the ground running with two wins in their first two matches of the new season. After a disastrous campaign that saw them finish the previous season outside the top eight, Hunt made a couple of changes and released some players. So far so good for the straight-talking Cape Town-born mentor – he can now afford to smile after a rough 2017-18 season. The 2016-17 Premiership champions started their league campaign with a bang when they hammered their bogey side Free State Stars 3-0 at Milpark. The Clever Boys then fired another early season warning shot with a 3-1 victory over Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs at the FNB Stadium on Wednesday. Hunt’s charges visit Orlando Pirates at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto tonight (7.30pm) for another big game. They will be looking to complete a hat-trick of Premiership wins at the expense of last season’s runners-up. Namibian Deon Hotto and Zimbabwe’s Terrence Dzvukamanja have scored two goals each, while Gift Motupa and Mxolisi Machupa have found the back of the net once as the new players make their mark for the Students. Bucs thrashed Wits 4-0 at the same venue last season but Hunt said his players were exhausted from their Confederation Cup trip to Nigeria to face Enyimba. He said: “The 4-0 hiding we got from Pirates was because the players were still tired. We had just returned from Nigeria and didn’t have time to train or rest. “It will be a different ball game this time, the players are fresh and ready for the big game.” Hunt was suspended for the first two games of the season and is looking forward to being on the touchline tonight. Commenting on his new signings, Hunt said he knew they were the right fit for the Clever Boys. “It’s been okay so far. We started better than last season. I expected them to make an immediate impact and they didn’t disappoint.” “We had a good pre-season and the signs were there that they would start the new campaign well. “But we have to maintain our focus and not get carried away – we have a big game ahead against Pirates.” Meanwhile, Musa Nyatama said their focus had turned to Wits following their 4-3 loss on penalties to SuperSport United in the MTN8 on Saturday. He said their loss came as a shock. “We want to win everything but unfortunately we didn’t get through to the MTN8 semifinals.”