Family man, Loyiso Bala is head over heels in love with his little family. The singer just cannot stop gushing over how grateful he is to have them and how, because of them, he is now a better man. He took to social media to let everyone in on how blessed he is to have them. He peeled back the veil of celebrity and showed everyone that like everyone else, family comes first even when you’re rich and famous. Loyiso and his wife, Jennifer Bala welcomed their second daughter, Tori into their family in May this year. The couple now has two daughters. “I'm sure I'd be just as happy if I had boys instead of girls. But there's something special about the bond between a dad and his daughters that cannot be explained, and I wouldn't change that bond for anything,” he shared. He also spoke about what an incredible woman, wife and mother Jennifer has been to them all. Loyiso praised her for her love, patience, humility, kindness, simplicity, perseverance, tolerance, forgiveness and understanding. “[They] have made me an infinitely better man. My eyes are being opened more and more to the injustices and inequalities in the world, and I want nothing more than to be a part of the solution to those problems,” he ended off the emotional post. Yes, I'm sure I'd be just as happy if I had boys instead of girls. But there's something special about the bond between a dad and his daughters that cannot be explained, and I wouldn't change that bond for anything. I also thank God that he’s given me a wife who not only is the perfect role model to our girls but unselfishly nurtures and takes care of them with love, patience, humility, kindness, simplicity, perseverance, tolerance, forgiveness and understanding. @jenniferbala, @kenziebala and now @toribala have made me an infinitely better man. My eyes are being opened more and more to the injustices and inequalities in the world, and I want nothing more than to be a part of the solution to those problems. #happywomensmonth #totalshutdown A post shared by  Loyiso (@loyisobala) on Aug 1, 2018 at 10:44pm PDT  