A NEW season calls for new plans! Jomo Sono knows this all too well, which is why he has built his Jomo Cosmos side from scratch this season, employing new players, new plans and obviously new goals for the upcoming 2018-19 National First Division (NFD) campaign. The season starts this weekend and Sono unveiled his new team yesterday, replacing a disgruntled group that left the club in a huff. With just two days before the campaign starts, Cosmos unveiled more than 15 new players faced with the task of elevating the team in the upcoming season. Cosmos kick off their league campaign on Sunday with a tough encounter with Ajax Cape Town at Vosloorus Stadium (3pm). The Cosmos owner-coach is convinced his new squad will score goals despite all the challenges they will face in the league. The new signings include former Free State Stars and Orlando Pirates striker Ayanda Nkosi, former Mbombela United forward Inky Masuku and Seun Ledwaba, who was released by Highlands Park in June. These three players are highly rated by the man known as the Black Prince of South African football and he believes their experience will take some pressure off more inexperienced players. “It’s a whole new squad and there are a couple of players who have been around,” said Sono. Cosmos have also promoted 15-year-old attacking midfielder Zuko Gxabuza to the first team. Ezenkosi finished in the top three in the NFD last season, again failing to make their return to the Absa Premiership via the promotion/relegation play-offs, ultimately won by Black Leopards in June. After the play-offs, many of Cosmos’ players were snatched up by PSL clubs or other NFD teams. Masuku, who joined Cosmos from Mbombela after six years with the Mpumalanga outfit, says he is aware of the pressure and the demands of life with Cosmos. He said: “I have been playing in the NFD for the last three seasons, so I know it all. We will need to put aside everything that happens off the field and focus on our job. “The coach might say he is not targeting promotion but we want to play in the PSL, so we have to give it our best shot.” Masuku was part of the Mbombela United squad that reached the play-offs on their first run in the NFD in the 2015-16 season.