STEVE Komphela returns to FNB Stadium tonight with a mission to destroy what he spent three years building at Kaizer Chiefs. Komphela is back on familiar territory, this time guiding Bloem­fontein Celtic against his former side Chiefs in their Absa Premiership encounter tonight (7.30pm). Having gone through the “forming, storming and norming” stages, Komphela left the the team at the performing stage. But it’s debatable whether the team has reached optimum levels of performance. Tonight, Komphela could exploit the same defensive weaknesses that undermined his efforts to deliver trophies for Amakhosi, leading to his abrupt departure in April. The 3-1 league defeat to Bidvest Wits forced Giovanni Solinas to change his defence, replacing the woeful Eric Mathoho with young Siyabonga Ngezana in the next four matches. But the two goals they conceded against SuperSport United in the MTN8 Cup semifinal suggests Solinas still needs to tighten his defence further. “With our system, defending is tough because we push a lot of players forward,” explained Solinas. “We need to improve defensively, on and off the ball. We attacked with our full-backs, with a minimum of seven players. In some situations we need to defend the big space behind our centre-backs. It’s more difficult when you defend in a small space. But we have to learn to defend because we are a big club and we attack a lot. We need to manage the big space in defence. But this does not mean I’m not happy with my defenders.” The Italian has backed Ngezana and Siphosakhe Ntiya-Ntiya to play more. “Don’t forget that in our back four we have two youngsters, Siya and Ntiya-Ntiya,” he said. “Their performance is unbelievable. They are good quality players with great abilities. I trust them. If they continue in this manner they will have a chance at Bafana Bafana.” Celtic, on the other hand, have no such defensive worries, their defence remaining unbridged in three matches. They are brimming with confidence going into the match, having passed the Orlando Pirates test with a gutsy 1-0 league win. Solinas is still chasing his first league win.