IT is a sad indictment of the current Kaizer Chiefs class that they haven’t won a trophy in recent years. “It hurts,” Ramahlwe Mphahlele readily admits, with a touch of sadness in his voice. The Amakhosi defender spoke to SunSport at the MTN8 Cup launch in Joburg yesterday. “We are hurting from last season. You know we haven’t won a trophy in three seasons and that is very hard for us as players. But the positive thing is that most of the players were there last season and they are all still hurting. We’ve been talking, talking and talking. I think it’s about time we raised the bar a bit. “If we lose giving it everything, we can go home and say ‘we’ve given it everything’. “But there is no use talking . . . going on social media saying ‘we are going to win a treble’. We have to go and show it on the pitch. Things need to change,” said Rama. Chiefs open their PSL season with a league fixture against Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday (3pm). But it is the tricky MTN8 Cup quarterfinal clash with Free State Stars that seems to bother Mphahlele more. Bad memories of fan violence at Moses Mabhida Stadium are still fresh in his mind. This year, the teams will battle it out at FNB Stadium on 11 August. “We are playing Free State Stars, a very good team with a good coach (Luc Eymael). “They beat us in the Nedbank Cup semifinal last season . . . you know what happened afterwards. We were hit with bottles and chairs. But it’s a new season. Football always gives you another chance to try and win. We are going for it this time.” It will all depend on how quickly Amakhosi players adapt to the coaching philosophy of new Italian mentor Giovanni Solinas. “The new coach has his own philosophy. He is a very aggressive coach. He wants perfection, wants us to work hard and wants to change the mentality,” Mphahlele said of Solinas. “He wants the team to play his way. Change is not easy, especially in the beginning. But we are adapting, working with him. It will take some time. It’s a new era and it’s about time we bring a trophy home. The club deserves it.”