A HOUSE is more than just four walls and a roof. It’s an investment that with care and planning can grow to bear more fruit. So when residents of Morula View in Phase 6, Mabopane, north of Tshwane, saw shacks springing up next to their bonded houses, they seethed with anger. The house owners quickly realised all the hard-earned money used to pay for their investments was in danger, as the value of their properties would plummet. The residents demanded that government act and remove the shacks, failing which they threatened to tear them down themselves. The residents said their houses would lose value if shacks sprang up next to them. They also feared for their health as the open land occupied by the shack dwellers had no services. The shacks were built at the beginning of the month. Sibusiso Ledwaba (40), a resident, said: “Something must be done to stop these squatter camps which are growing day by day in our area. “We can’t compromise our investments,” he said. Sibusiso said they had approached the squatters many times but were told they had bought the land from someone from Boikhutsong. He said the squatters were rude and insulted them. He claimed some of the people from the squatter camp had been spotted scaling their walls looking for things to steal. Maune Moima (36) told Daily Sun they had mobilised residents to actively fight the squatters. “They don’t have services and soon their protesting will affect us. We don’t mind them staying here but they should do it in an orderly manner.” Maune demanded that the sea of shacks be removed. Ward 22 councillor Tshepo Motaung said he was aware of the squatter camp. “What they are doing is a criminal activity,” he agreed. Motaung said there were projects for people looking for houses in his ward and said they were in the process of building 2 800 houses. Senior Superintendent Isaac Mahamba, Tshwane Metro police spokesman, said they were aware of residents’ concerns. “We’re currently dealing with them and are still considering the legal implications.”