AN INSTANT success and a whopping R8 million prize cheque! They just don’t come much bigger than the MTN8 Cup in the domestic knockout competitions. Four games, goals… and a bout of good luck will see one of the top eight PSL teams lift the lucrative Wafa Wafa Cup. What a quicker way for coaches to ease early-season pressure and earn some cool bonus. Among the fixtures is the mouth-watering clash between Orlando Pirates and defending champions SuperSport United at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (8.15pm). Bucs coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic sees the cup as an opportunity to complete the “soul healing” process of the long-suffering Buccaneers. “Last season it was all about healing the souls of the Buccaneers. The soul that has been healed needs to be fed,” said Micho, who will look to Xola Mlambo to continue his man-of-the-match performance. “This is most important competition as it’s the first of the season and yes, it gives the easiest route to winning the trophy. “We are looking at this competition as a possible springboard that could push us into the season, to present this badge in the best possible way. The biggest satisfaction is when you see the body language telling you that they have given everything on the field. This is what we expect tomorrow. It will be a tough match. Small details will determine the result.” His United counterpart, Kaitano Tembo, fully agrees as he also targets his maiden cup success as head coach. “You play four games and you win the tournament. Yes, the players may see it as an easy way of making money,” said Tembo. “But at the same time you’ve got to look at the overall picture, whereby you plan ahead. It is not just about winning the tournament. We still have about 30 games to play this season. “As defending champions we have no option but to defend this cup. Mandate or no mandate, football is a business. It is the result that matter. You have to build a team and get result at the same time. My personal ambition is to be successful like the previous coaches who’ve coached this club before.”