THE queue to land a job at the Emfuleni Municipality is very long. But apparently there’s an easy way to get right to the front. That’s if you’re young, sexy and willing to jump on ANC bigwigs with your punani! The revelations on Facebook about sex for jobs comes on the tail of the resignation last year of the municipality’s former mayor, Simon Mofokeng. This was following allegations that he had been sexually grooming a 14-year-old girl. Sources at the municipality claimedthat young interns go from being paid R7 000 to a booming R28 000 after getting into bed with well-dressed ANC officials. Sources said the interns weren’t innocent either as they knew every trick in the book. “They used their beauty and punanis to earn up to R28 000 a month on an extended internship programme at the municipality,” one official claimed. Another source claimed that their so called employers or “blessers” were not small time managers. “These are top senior ANC men we’re talking of, one of them being the MMC for Finance,” said the source, who is known to the People’s Paper. “We even call this department the love department.” A whistleblower opened the can of worms online late last week. According to the post on Facebook, two interns had their contracts renewed because of their love affairs with top officials at the municipality. They are allegedly paid their exorbitant intern salaries from an emergency fund. The SunTeam traced one of the couples when one of the officials and his “intern” went to Vaal Mall after work. The two were seen walking hand in hand while entering various cellphone shops as if shopping for a new cellphone. Another source at the municipality claimed that management had instituted a disciplinary hearing following the whistleblower’s post on social media. Another source at the municipality’s human resources department said: “Because these appointments are illegal, the said interns will not be paid this month.” In a response to media inquiries, Emfuleni municipal spokesman Stan Gaba said the allegations were only brought to their attention through the media inquiry. He said the municipality promised to investigate the matter further.