DOMINIC suffered the abuse of his friend for a long time . . . But before he could end the friendship, Dominic was brutally stabbed to death. AND THE MAIN SUSPECT IS THE SAME FRIEND HE BAILED OUT OF PRISON! If it wasn’t for 42-year-old Dominic Kotze’s other friends, the suspect might still be free today, driving around in his car and selling the dead man’s possessions. Marumo Bodibe (39) and Charles Hlatshwayo (39) from Savanna City, De Deur, in the Vaal told Daily Sun Dominic’s friend came up from the Eastern Cape some months ago after Dominic bailed him out of jail. Marumo said the trouble started some months ago when the two started fighting because the friend wasn’t working and was just sitting at home. “Dominic got him a job but he worked for just one day and resigned,” he said. “He was tired of being abused and he told us he wanted his friend to pack up and go back to the Eastern Cape,” Marumo said. “He said he was going to take him to Park Station on Sunday. But that was the last time we saw our friend!” Dominic never got to drop off his friend. When Dominic disappeared, Marumo and Charles became worried. Charles said Dominic and his sister were good friends and Dominic had promised to fetch her from work but he never arrived. “Dominic is very punctual. When he didn’t fetch my sister we knew something was wrong. We tried to call him but his phone was off,” he said. On Monday they drove around the Vaal looking for him and constantly phoning his number. At this stage they didn’t know that Dominic was already dead. Then they saw Dominic’s friend on the road, driving his car. “We followed him to a pawn shop and saw him getting out of the car with Dominic’s TV set. We parked behind him so he couldn’t get away,” Charles said. When he came out they grabbed him and took him to the cop shop. “At the police station, he didn’t talk sense and he had blood all over his jeans. “We took the cops to the house and we found traces of blood that had been cleaned up.” “The cops called for the dog unit and they traced the body. A shocking discovery was made in the coal box of a neighbour’s empty house,” Marumo said. It appeared Dominic had been stabbed to death and his body shoved into the box. Captain Fikile Funda confirmed that a case of murder was opened. “The investigation took place and the suspect formally confessed that he had committed the murder.” He said the suspect will be appearing today at Vereeniging Magistrates Court.