MAMELODI Sundowns look to have the “eye of the tiger” as they embark on an intimidating North African trip to Casablanca. Their coach, Pitso Mosimane, has said he doesn’t need paper tigers, but the real kind for the tricky Caf Champions League clash with Wydad Athletic Club Casablanca at the Mohammed IV Stadium in Morocco on Friday (8pm). “I need tigers for that match, people who will grind out a result!” he said. “It might not look pretty but we must keep going and probing. If you can get three points in Casablanca, you’re a happy man.” Second with five points in group C, the Brazilians look pretty comfortable and assured of passage to the knockout phase. But Mosimane knows nothing is guaranteed yet, as third-placed Horoya FC, who host AS Togo-Port in the other group C fixture, are also on five points with two matches to go. “One point might also be enough because we have to sort out Horoya here in our last game,” he said. “That game is do-or-die. We must beat Horoya here. “The Togolese might do us a favour by causing an upset and holding Horoya to a draw, because I don’t think they’ll win. It’s tough in Guinea.” Mosimane’s side certainly has steel, leadership and mental fortitude, having traversed the African continent with success in recent years. Hlompho Kekana, Oupa Manyisa, Tiyani Mabunda, Wayne Arendse and Themba Zwane form the core of the team that lost to Wydad in the quarterfinals last year. But they know Wydad are a different beast and will be a different side to the team that played to a 2-2 draw in the first leg in Atteridgeville. Said Mosimane: “I don’t think Wydad will give you an opportunity for an all-out attack. They are a big, strong team. You will see a sea of red in the stands. “You know the story. They will push us back. We need to be compact and smart. We can get a few breaks. You don’t get many opportunities there. But Sundowns always get one or two chances to score. If we don’t win, get a draw. “But we mustn’t sit back and park the bus. We must play because they know that we can play.”