THE Seville “El Gran Derbi” holds a special in the heart of Joaquin Sanchez. This is not only for its significance in the history of the Spanish La Liga Santander, but for the mere fact that winning the grudge match rank as a personal achievement. The El Gran Derbi is invariably a tasty affair and it will be no different on Sunday when Sevilla visit arch-foes Real Betis at Benito Villamarín stadium (9.45pm SA time), for the first Seville derby of the new season. “This match is a very big deal because of the rivalry. Weeks before the game you have people coming to you to say how excited they ahead of the match. Everyone just goes crazy,” said Joaquin told SunSport from Seville this week. “Even though it’s the three points at stake, the match goes beyond the points.” This will be the earliest these two teams have met in a LaLiga Santander season since they clashed over 30 years ago on the opening weekend.This makes for thrilling encounter, with the result likely to set the tone for the rest of the season. For the fans Real Betis, nicknamed Los Verdiblancos (‘The Green and Whites’), the derby is no different to a cup final, to their Sevilla counterparts, Los Rojiblancos, it’s a do-or-die. Yet Sevilla will be desperate to record their first derby win since February 2017, especially after Betis’ stunned 5-3 at the Sanchez-Pizjuan in January. At 37, Joaquin, who played in two Fifa World Cups, still wakes up with the excitement of a wide-eyed greenhorn. “The derby is very closes to my heart. When we scored that 3-5 in the derby, it was particularly a special moment,” he said. “I had a great career in football and had important wins, including the cup. But the derby win is always special. At this stage in my life, I still get up every the morning with the same desire to keep improving my game, to stay mentally and physically fit, although I’m not as young as I used to be. “I get up every morning knowing that every moment, every game could be the last and I have to make the most of it.” Joaquin, who has always played for Valencia and Fiorentina in Serie A, added that La Liga has evolved over the years. “It is a lot more professional and a lot of teams have become more competitive. They all have great players. You get games you’d expect to win easily, but not anymore, like the last home match against Levante and we lost 3-0.” Betis’ summer signing Takashi Inui could also be important as the Japanese winger’s dribbling ability provides them with a more direct option in attack, while new Sevilla striker André Silva will surely trouble the Betis defence. Silva scored a hat-trick on his LaLiga debut at Rayo Vallecano and he’ll be looking to make this a similarly happy away trip. On an international level, the profile of the derby is growing day by day. With official supporter groups stretching from Scotland to New York City, these clubs continue to grow in stature every day. 