“A lot of poor students now have access to higher
education and that is a welcomed development.” This was said by Sizwe Nxasana, after he resigned as the
chairman of the National Student Financial Aid Scheme. Nxasana, who has been at the helm for three years, said
students accessing financial aid after the #FeesMustFall protests has been a
key highlight of his time at NSFAS. Nxasana said: “It was a privilege. Crafting support for
these poor students after a welcome government decision was key.” The #FeesMustFall protests saw a majority of higher
learning institutions being shut through protests as students demanded free
education. About 400 000 students are benefiting after government
took a decision with regard to free access to higher education education,
mostly for poor students. Nxasana told Daily Sun he will continue being involved in
education through his education group, and will also offer advise to NSFAS. He said he holds Higher Education Minister Naledi Pandor
in high regard and is confident she will steer NSFAS towards perfectly modeled
policies. “Leaders have to know when to step down and make way for
new leaders to take over. I must emphasise that there is no crisis at NSFAS,”
said Nxasana. It is with a very heavy heart that I have resigned as
chairperson and member of the board of the National Student Financial Aid
Scheme (NSFAS). After three years at the helm, the time is right for me to step
aside. I informed the Minister of Higher Education and Training of my
resignation on Monday 6 August and offered my support to ensure an orderly
handover process. It has been a privilege and honour to serve as a NSFAS board
member and chairperson. NSFAS was conceived to deliver financial aid to
students from poor and working-class backgrounds, and in 2018 alone financed
over 400 000 students. While the last few years have been extremely challenging,
I am grateful for the opportunity to have been able to immerse myself in
education and contribute to finding sustainable solutions for the higher
education sector. I am passionate about helping our youth access education and
want to recognise the many thousands of students whose success inspire all of
us and give us hope for the future. Since December 2016, the NSFAS mandate and funding
obligations increased exponentially, placing extreme strain on the
organisation’s systems and processes. I would like to recognise the many
patriotic and committed South Africans in government, business and academia who
have contributed their expertise and resources to try and make quality
education accessible. “I will continue making a contribution in my different
roles and capacities to support less privileged young South Africans acquire
the knowledge and skills to allow them to participate meaningfully in the
economy and our nation’s life.” he said. 