THE Springboks’ defeat to Argentina has ruined the plans of Rassie Erasmus. The Boks coach’s idea was to afford more playing opportunities to the newbies as they find their feet in international rugby. But now, with the Boks’ backs against the wall in the Rugby Championship, Erasmus has to pick horses for courses to get their campaign back on track. South Africa disappointingly lost 32-19 to Argentina in their second Championship match in Mendoza on Saturday, a defeat Erasmus aptly described as “embarrassing”. Said the coach: “We played like a team that was playing club rugby. “I must point a finger at myself. When you perform like this, as a coach you are doing something wrong during the week. “We had certain players that we wanted to try out against Australia. But now we have to get back to winning ways. This puts us back quite a bit, I won’t lie. “We wanted to win this game and give a few guys a chance against Australia. “We can’t do that now. We lost. We have to look at ourselves and pitch again.” The honeymoon is truly over for Erasmus as the Springboks next head to Australasia for their fixtures, first against the Wallabies and then New Zealand’s All Blacks later next month. But they first return home tomorrow, then reassemble again in Joburg on Saturday before they travel to Brisbane for their must-win clash with the Wallabies at Suncorp Stadium on 8 September. The Boks were woeful in defence, suspect in the breakdowns and couldn’t quite dominate the lineouts. They were 24-7 down by the half-hour mark, having missed 12 tackles. And Erasmus was brutally honest in his assessment of the Springboks’ poor performance. He said: “It was embarrassing. It was unacceptable. We can’t perform like that as Springboks. The first 15 minutes we had chances to score tries but we didn’t capitalise. “In Test rugby you don’t get 15, 16 opportunities. It’s not an excuse. We pick the team and we coach the team. The new guys are going to go through these games. I don’t want to say they will learn. We have to turn it around in Australia.” Skipper Siya Kolisi grabbed the first try for the Boks while Lionel Mapoe, who came on for the injured Makazole Mapimpi, chipped in with two second half tries.