Today is National Women's Day and what more can one do than celebrate these wonderful people. It is a known fact that women are prone to abuse be it emotional or physical however, let us celebrate the positive aspects and lay down the negative thoughts for a moment. I am a woman, and being a woman is super cool, yes I said it. Let me give you a few of my tried and tested opinions about being a woman: 1. We tolerate sh...t that is thrown at us! Yes, be it that boyfriend that screws you over and over again or that friend that always proves to be disloyal, we put up with all that sadness and heart break.  2. We always push push and push! Women have the will to push in order to get their hearts desires. We will not back down until we are satisfied with the outcome of the situation at hand. I am even talking about that girl that your boyfriend has been chatting to, yes we will find out who she is.  3. We have big hearts filled with love and care! Women just ooze with love, we care for our families and everyone around us. We always want the best for other people and we can go an extra mile to make sure that the people around us are happy.  4. Mess with us and you will feel the wreath! "Ever heard of the saying hell hath no fury like a women scorned!" Mess with a woman and you will know not to ever mess with one. Women are naturally caring but once you cross us, you will know not to EVER repeat that disastrous mistake again.  5. We are hard workers and we get things done! Remember when you were young and your mother would have spring cleaning days? No one can clean a house like a woman, you will find floors sparkling clean and the whole house spotless. After the spring cleaning session, you are guaranteed to have a delicious home made meal AND we will still wash the dishes afterwards.  6. We can tolerate pain...I think better than men! Do men know how it feels to go through labour or period pains ?NO. I rest my case. Let us celebrate these people and make the whole month a special one for them. 