IT IS a day of first returns for Steve Komphela and Eric Tinkler. But will it be triumphant returns or will it end in disappointment for the Bloemfontein Celtic and Chippa United mentors as they come up against their respective former teams tomorrow? The affable Komphela may not be expecting a warm embrace from the supporters, however, who made life quite difficult for him in his three-year stint with Chiefs. Soccer City really became a hellhole for Komphela, who was subjected to abuse in the last year of his tenure. But life seems to be treating him well at Phunya Sele Sele. As Amakhosi still chase their first league win in four matches, Celtic are sitting pretty in second spot with nine points after registering three wins in three matches. It’s still early days but the Absa Premiership table is a sight to behold for Siwelele fans who have endured tough times in recent months amid the sale of the renowned club. The unsettling financial situation had seen Celtic struggle to pay staff salaries, including those of players. But those events in the boardroom were in complete contrast to the latest results on the pitch. “What is important in the PSL are the three points. It instils confidence and belief in the team. That’s all we enjoy, getting three points – three out of three, clean sheets,” waxed Komphela. There will be no outpouring of emotion for Tinkler either, who returns for the first time since being fired in March last season. United don’t necessarily command a huge enough following to make it a red hot reception for their former coach, who brought their team the MTN8 title and the Caf Confederation Cup silver medal. Tinkler joked that he was the “bravest man” in domestic football after accepting an offer to take charge at Chippa. Three matches into the season and Chippa Mpengesi has already wielded his axe on Dan Malesela. Tinkler faces a similarly arduous task of pleasing Mpengesi with results while striving to implement his philosophy. With Chippa winless in four matches, Mpengesi has had sleepless nights and nothing but victory over SuperSport will put him at ease.