FOR NOW, the man who scooped a cool R145 million in the Lotto is not ready to reveal his name, or his address, to anybody. But one thing’s for sure . . . THE MAN WHO HIT THE POWERBALL JACKPOT ON FRIDAY NIGHT IS VERY, VERY RICH! The 36-year-old engineer from Ekurhuleni, who lives in Secunda, Mpumalanga, told the People’s Paper he had some serious help from above. “Dear God. These are my numbers,” he prayed. “I’m now playing them. Please help me win.” Why the good Lord selected his prayer out of all the other prayers sent to heaven last Friday, our winner doesn’t know. But he knows that his R20 has turned into millions – more millions than most people can imagine. If he bought a house in Clifton, Cape Town, where the most expensive houses are, he would spend R16,5 million and he would still have R128 million in his bank account. Or, if he wanted to he could buy eight of those houses, but then he would only have a lousy R13 million left over! And who can survive on that? Our mystery winner said he had the numbers on a piece of paper in his pocket for the whole week. “I played the numbers on Tuesday when the jackpot was R1,25 million but I didn’t win, so I decided I would try the Powerball on Friday. On Friday night he was having a good time with friends, but he had one eye on the clock. “Something kept pushing me to go and play,” he said. He went and played his numbers with R20 and a quick pick for R30. “I didn’t check the result until Saturday night when I saw I had won.” He said his 30-year-old wife was busy outside. “I can’t believe it,” I told her. “I’ve hit the jackpot!” She couldn’t believe it, either. “The whole of Saturday I sat in the house checking the numbers over and over,” he said. The couple said they went to work on Monday and tried to act naturally. The wife said: “The people at work were talking. They said the winner was from the area. I acted as if I knew nothing.” The husband called Ithuba on Monday. “They told me what to bring. I never let go of the ticket,” he said. “I put it in my sock because I feared if I had an accident somebody would see it in my wallet and take it.” He said he will continue working for now until he decides what he is going to do. His wife, who has been with him since she was a teenager, said she will continue with her career. Their life wasn’t always easy. “After university, I couldn’t find work,” he said. “That was a difficult period of my life.” They don’t have kids yet but are planning to start a family soon. Ithuba CEO Charmaine Mabuza congratulated the winner on winning and advised him to make use of their financial advisers. 