CONTRARY to reports that emanated from the Black Leopards camp, the PSL are adamant that Lidoda Duvha’s big match against Orlando Pirates will take place at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane, and not at the Thohoyandou Stadium. Leopards launched a fight against the league to allow them to play their Tuesday night match against the Buccaneers at the Thohoyandou venue that has just undergone some refurbishment. On Friday, the PSL gave a thumb up for Leopards to use Thohoyandou Stadium as their home ground this season – but not for Tuesday’s clash against Pirates. Leopards had already started printing and selling tickets for Thohoyandou Stadium. But PSL acting Chief Executive Officer Mato Madlala yesterday told Sunsport that the game will be played where the fixture says. “The league have released the fixture list and the game will be played in Polokwane,” said Madlala. “I can’t comment on the printed tickets to Thohoyandou Stadium. “All I know is what the fixtures are saying.” Leopards, who played their first league against Polokwane City FC under protest three weeks ago, are not giving up their hope to play Bucs at their own backyard. “We’ve passed the first stage of using the stadium as our home ground this season,” said Leopards spokesman Berry Ramunenyiwa. “It was great news to our fans and the team that the stadium is now suitable for PSL games. Now, we are going to apply to PSL and Pirates to allow this game to be in Thohoyandou.” He added: “We’re aware is not going to be a easy but we have to try with hope. We’re going to write to PSL on Monday and we hope to get an answer before tomorrow. All we have to do is to keep our fingers crossed and hope PSL and Pirates will agree. We are doing this for our fans and the people around Venda.” Ramunenyiwa also thanked the hard work, which was done by Vhembe, Thulamela Municipalities and other stakeholders which make it possible for the stadium to be approved by PSL after renovations. “Everyone worked hard and we would like to thank them for helping Leopards,” said Ramunenyiwa.