LUC Eymael is in BIG trouble! Not only is the Belgian set to face the wrath of the Premier Soccer League (PSL) disciplinary committee, but he will also have to answer to his club, Free State Stars, regarding his conduct. Ea Lla Koto general manager Rantsi Mokoena apologised to the media yesterday after Eymael failed to comply with the National Soccer League’s (NSL) Media Compliance Manual and snubbed the post-match press conference. After speaking with the TV crew, he left the stadium without speaking to the press who were patiently waiting for him in the stadium boardroom. The 58-year-old flouted the NSL’s Compliance Manual by walking away following their 2-1 loss to AmaZulu in an Absa Premiership clash at the King Zwelithini Stadium on Sunday. Any ambitious Premier League coach would be forgiven for being angry and throwing tantrums, but declining to attend the mandatory post-match press conference is regarded as a very disrespectful act. Emiliano Tade and Mhlengi Cele’s goals darkened Eymael’s mood as his players huffed and puffed, and they ultimately had to rely on Mbongeni Gumede’s own goal to have something to show to chairman Mike Mokoena. Mokoena said Eymael’s act of showing disrespect to the league and members of the media have left Stars embarrassed . Said Mokoena: “It has been brought to our attention and we don’t condone such childish actions. We’re embarrassed by this and would like to apologise to the media.“We will have to wait to hear from the league about charges against him and the club. He must go and answer to the league for his actions and we will deal with it as the club in our own way.”Mokoena said Eymael must learn to accept defeat and deal with it in a mature manner.He added: “His behaviour was immature. We were all disappointed by the defeat but accepted it and moved on. He must stop being a sore loser. Talking to the media after the match is mandatory and he knows it.”SunSport has it on good authority that Eymael is skating on thin ice at Stars and has been set targets of collecting a certain number of points in five matches, or face the axe.Stars assistant coach David Vilakazi had to explain to the press about Eymael’s no-show.He said the coach was frustrated and disappointed: “I was surprised to be called to stand in for him. I understand his frustrations. We were supposed to have wrapped up the game in the first half. It is frustration that led to him leaving the stadium without even talking to the players.”Vilakazi said they must quickly forget about the defeat and start planning for their next encounter with Cape Town City at home at Goble Park next Wednesday.League spokesman Lux September said they were looking into the matter and he would only be able to comment after checking the match commissioner’s report.“Yes, it is compulsory for coaches to attend the post-match press conference or visit the mixed zone – as stated in the NSL Compliance Manual,” September said. 