Lack of sanitation is one of the world's leading development challenges. Globally, around two billion people don't have access to appropriate sanitation, with around a billion of them having no toilet. Provision of a hygienic sanitation solution, coupled with regular handwashing and access to clean, drinkable water, is known to have marked improvements on community health. Readers of the British Medical Journal ranked clean water and safe sewage disposal as the most important medical milestone in the last 150 years. A World Health Organisation report released in 2007 indicated that it would be possible to receive an estimated US$9 return on investment for every US$1 by halving the number of people without access to appropriate sanitation. The report suggested that achieving that target would mean around 190 million annual diarrheal diseases could be averted globally. SA challenges Although South Africa has made significant strides in safe water and sanitation provision, there are still people without an appropriate sanitation system. The sanitation challenge is complex, related to user preferences and technical constraints, and these are often hard to match. A large part of the population would prefer a flush toilet, but this is a major challenge in a water-scarce country such as South Africa. For this reason, we often find dry toilets outside major urban areas, as it is technically challenging to provide flush toilet systems in areas where water is restricted and where there are no existing sewers. The laying of sewer pipes is expensive, and for it to function effectively, it requires both reliable energy and sufficient water supply. Recent climatic change events have also started to make us realise the value of using clean water to flush down human excreta, even for areas with sewer systems in place. During the Cape Town drought, citizens of the city realised it was not sensible to flush 9 to 12 litres of drinking water each time the toilet was used. Many started, instead, to recycle their showering and laundry water to flush toilets. On a national level, brilliant engineers are looking to re-engineer toilet systems that meet user expectations and use less resources, and developing innovative ways in which we can provide sustainable sanitation solutions to South Africa. In my field of work, I have met with many brilliant engineers who have and continue to make admirable strides – particularly in the field of sanitation, and they happen to be women! After working in the petrochemical industry, Zuma decided she would use her skills to assist with the sanitation challenge. For her Master’s degree, she evaluated how pit latrines and other dry toilets function, which involved her conducting chemical and physical analysis on the faecal waste she collected. This information is critical for design engineers to develop treatment systems that can safely treat the faecal waste. She now works at eThekwini Municipality, and has been a key figure in the development and evaluation of novel sanitation systems at the municipality. In 2015, she was invited by then-Minister of Water and Sanitation Nomvula Mokonyane to take part in Youth Day celebrations in Pretoria, after showing the minister the innovative treatment systems installed in eThekwini during the Sanitation Indaba held in Durban from May 14-15, 2015.  Neethling obtained her Master’s degree in environmental engineering at University of Colorado Boulder in the USA. Jeanette has contributed to the development of many innovative sanitation solutions for South Africa and has led three Water Research Commission studies. The first focused on developing and testing better management techniques for rural schools. The second evaluated the appropriateness and applicability of female urinals to shorten the length of queues at public ablution facilities. Her latest research involves the monitoring of an innovative toilet system called the Low Pour Flush toilet. The Low Pour Flush toilet was developed by the company that she works for, and has been designed to use low volumes of flush water and can operate without the need for conventional sewers. The innovative school sanitation management project that she led has been successful; Unilever, through their Domestos brand, recognised the value of her work and upscaled the product to assist with sanitation provision in 150 schools. 