THE saying that summer bodies are made in winter is true. In spite of the constant desire to fill our bodies with fatty junk and creamy soups, winter also offers an opportunity to fight the fat and produce a summer body. Here are a few ways you can produce a hotter physique! - Home cooking kits! If you can’t find the time to arrange your eating, service providers like Ucook offer to have delicious but healthy food delivered to your door. The dinner-for-a-week food kit brings easy recipes and pre-portioned ingredients to your kitchen. For more info visit www.ucook.co.za. - Work out! If you go straight home from work, you are not going to do much except do as little as possible on the couch. If you are too tired after work, make time to gym before work. You get a solid start to the day and a massive energy boost that lasts until sleep time. If mornings are too painful or afternoons too tiring, work out with a friend. Training together makes gym more fun and engaging but less awkward and boring. - The darkness, the cold and viruses will ruin your exercise goals but so does a poor diet. It is important to eat well. You need to get in the protein, fibre, vitamins and minerals your immune system needs to fight off those annoying diseases. Also learn where your food is coming from. Local fruit and vegetables that have been left to fully ripen in the sun and soil have better flavours and are richer in nutrients, which make your cooking experience so much more flavoursome and healthy. Food grown outside of seasons needs more human intervention than food grown in season, so be aware of what is the right time of year to expect various produce. - Give yourself a goal. Entering a race you are going to run in the future is a wonderful motivator. It nags at you to keep fit and healthy. Your goal doesn’t have to be a marathon but it can be a promise you make to yourself such as a 1km run around the neighbourhood. When you can do 1km without falling over and crying, push it to 2km. Keep adding a kilometre or two to your limit. When you can do a 10km run, test yourself with a local road race. Find your race here: https://runningraces.co.za/ - It’s too easy to shut out the world during the work week which starts including weekends too. Organise a night with friends with tea and a puzzle, cards or board games.