ANDRIAMIRADO ‘Dax’ Andrianarimanana will be in attendance when Kaizer Chiefs host Bidvest Wits at FNB Stadium tonight (7.30pm). The Madagascar international remains a spectator, pending the finalisation of his transfer from Fosa Juniors to Amakhosi this week. According to the club, Dax will officially join Chiefs after all the administration work has been completed. “We have been working hard to ensure that the player comes to South Africa,” said Chiefs football manager Bobby Motaung. “We now have to work on finalising all his paper work and medicals. But what’s important for us and the supporters is that he is here.” The Soweto giants have been courting Dax, who impressed at the Cosafa Cup tournament in June. But their attempt to lure the 27-year-old have often hit a snag as Fosa Juniors held out for a payout. Dax expressed excitement on his arrival at the Chiefs Village yesterday. “Wow. This is a truly amazing place,” he said, as he took stock of his new surroundings. But it may be some time before the 2018 Cosafa Cup Player of the Tournament pulls on the famous gold and black jersey. However, the home fixture against Wits may well give him an idea of what to expect in the PSL. Amakhosi are chasing their first win after Khama Billiat-inspired them to a 1-1 away draw against Mamelodi Sundowns in the opening Premiership match at the weekend. The result wasn’t a bad start to a two-year reign for Giovanni Solinas, who has pleaded for time to help Amakhosi regain their rightful place in domestic football. But he acknowledged time may be the “enemy”, amid growing expectations from the title-starved fans. Judging by Chiefs’ last performance, the Italian still has some work to do to get players like Bernard Parker firing again for Amakhosi. Wits exploded out of the starting blocks with a 3-0 win against Free State Stars, Mxolisi Machupu and Deon Kavendji scoring on debuts. “We have a limited period to recover before our next game against Bidvest Wits. It promises to be another tough encounter, but we will be ready come Tuesday night,” said Solinas. “The players are working hard at training and that’s exactly what we need to do if we want to challenge for honours this season.”