CAPE Town City head coach Benni McCarthy believes his charges are good enough and capable of holding their own against high-flying Mamelodi Sundowns in the MTN8 semifinal. City host Sundowns in the first leg at Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (3pm) before the return leg scheduled for 1 September in Pretoria. McCarthy said he would be banking on home ground advantage to put them in the driving seat and make the second leg a mere formality. He said the experience of last season, where they beat Bidvest Wits in the semifinal before losing to SuperSport United in the final, would also come in handy. Said McCarthy: “If you want to be the champions you must beat the best in the league. Unfortunately for us, the best has come earlier than expected. Sundowns are definitely the Goliath in this encounter but we know what is needed from us against the mighty Sundowns. They were looking better in every one of the past couple of matches I’ve seen. “They introduced two new faces in every match they have played so far this season and looked stronger every time. But the good thing about the semifinal of this competition is that you get two bites of the cherry. “With that we would really need to put our home advantage to good use. At home we have proved in recent matches that we are no pushovers. Victory at home will help us and we will take it from there. We will fight for spot in the final.” For two seasons in a row the Citizens have been drawn with Absa Premiership champions in the semifinal of Wafa Wafa. Last season they got Wits and managed to get past them to set the date with Matsatsantsa a Pitori in the final. McCarthy is banking on that experience to overcome yet another championship-winning team in the Brazilians. He added: “Last season we found ourselves in a similar situation when we were drawn with Wits. They were the favourites and we were given no chance over them, but we managed to go past them to make it to the final. “This time around all we need to do is take it one game at a time.”