WHILE some people think it’s a filthy thing to do, many think
it’s just fine to take a pee while taking a shower. Some in the anti-pee corner argue that it can result in
your shower smelling like a stinky old toilet. They also worry that urine contains bacteria which may
somehow cling on to the shower surface and result in creepy foot infections. Here are some facts that backup the pro-pee view that it’s
actually a good idea to pee in the shower: - URINE IS
NON-TOXIC The idea that urine is sterile (free from bacteria) is a
myth. It contains tiny amounts of bacteria from the stomach intestine while
still inside the bladder, and once it leaves the body it picks up more bacteria
from the urethra and other places. But a healthy person’s pee is non-toxic and contains such
low levels of bacteria there is almost no risk of creating a health trap in
your shower. Anyway, the water from the shower will quickly whisk it
down the drain. - IT IMPROVES SEX
LIVES Huffington Post
Canada quotes medical specialist Lauren Roxburgh, who recommends that women
squat and pee in the shower. This works the pelvic floor muscles, which can
lead to better sex. - IT SAVES WATER Environmental activists are actually encouraging people
to pee in the shower because it uses less water than flushing a toilet. Many
loos use litres of water every time you flush, resulting in lots of wasted
water. In 2014 British varsity students calculated that if all
15 000 of their students peed in the shower once a day, the school would "save
enough water to fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool 26 times," the BBC
reported. - IT SAVES PAPER
(AND MONEY) According to Mic.com, peeing in the shower once a day can
save you from buying a roll of toilet paper every 50 days. - BUT IS IT COOL? So peeing in the shower is highly unlikely to be a health
risk, and is a simple way to save water, paper and money. Ultimately the answer to this one will be up to each
person’s personal taste. One woman who recently posted a message about peeing
in the shower on Mumsnet got slammed by some readers for being “disgusting”. "I can always tell when someone is a shower pee-er.
Their shower cubicle and bathroom tends to stink of piss in the same way a
urinal does (sorry, but it does.) The only place any pee should be going is
down a toilet," one person wrote.