IN A clever move, newly appointed Chippa United head coach, Eric Tinkler, has brought on board his own assistant at the Chilli Boys. And so genuine is Tinkler that he promoted former Cape Town City FC and Moroka Swallows defender, Vincent “Parks” Kobola to assist him at the Port Elizabeth club. SunSport can reveal that Kobola agreed to Chippa’s offer and would start immediately in his new job as part of the technical team after serving as a player since 2009 when he joined Moroka Swallows. He went on to play for the SA Under-23 side. The 33-year-old from Polokwane did not extend his contract with the Citizens, where he had made a great impact that contributed towards the club’s success. His man management and leadership qualities could be the attributes that convinced Tinkler to lure him to Chippa, having worked with Kobola when the Citizens were launched three seasons ago. His business manager, Jazzman Mahlagane, confirmed Kobola’s move and expressed his delight about having a second player move up to a coaching role, after Ayanda Dlamini took up the job as AmaZulu’s assistant coach, where he is in charge of the club’s MultiChoice Diski Challenge team. Mahlagane said yesterday that he would no longer be representing Kobola as agent, and “will no longer participate in his business matters, as I don’t represent coaches”. Added Mahlakgane, who is also Teko Modise’s agent: “I am happy for the opportunity presented to him to be a manager in the PSL. “I have been with him for eight years and it is a matter of principle that I allow him to move on. But I will continue being his mentor and advisor, just not on business matters. “I agree that his man management is excellent. Chippa have landed a guy who will manage their players to perfection. “This will allow Tinkler to focus on coaching while he handles players. He actually made Cape Town City a success from its launch. He’s an absolute contributor when you want to get your ducks in a row.” Kobola was part of the group that moved from now defunct Mpu­ma­langa Black Aces to join newly formed Cape Town City under John Comitis. Chippa parted ways with Dan Malesela on Wednesday. Chippa will visit Tinkler’s former employers, SuperSport United, in their Absa Premiership fourth round match at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday.