 NEITHER of them were able to win their last two matches.Black Leopards drew 2-2 with Highlands Park and Chippa United respectively, while Orlando Pirates lost 1-0 to both Bidvest Wits and Bloemfontein Celtic.Now these two teams, who have a rich history in common, will come face to face at Polokwane’s Peter Mokaba Stadium in Limpopo in their Absa Premiership showdown tonight (7.30pm).Leopards requested that this match be moved to Venda’s Thohoyandou Stadium but the Premier Soccer League (PSL), presumably for security’s sake, denied them the chance to host the massively supported Pirates at their newly renovated facility.Tonight brings the opportunity Leopards coach Joel Masutha has been waiting for – a chance to prove his critics wrong by adding to the woes of the already limping Pirates.“We are not scared of Pirates, we’re looking forward to this clash,” he told SunSport.Masutha admits they would have loved to play in Thohoyandou, where the grandstands are now up to Fifa requirements and floodlights up to TV standards for night matches.But he believes they can make Pirates see stars wherever they play, “even though it won’t be easy”. The 100% turn-out of their fans in Thohoyandou would have worked in their favour.Masutha has devoted his life to Leopards since 2004, experiencing all their ups and downs, going from player to caretaker – and today he faces Pirates as head coach.“We will never make the mistake of underestimating Pirates in light of their results this season. We will not take them lightly,” he said. “Pirates have quality players. This wil be a tough match, considering they will be coming at us with only victory in mind. Their coach (Milutin Sredojevic) will want a win to avoid fans putting pressure on him this early in the season. “We need to be at our best to get the result. The best thing to do is play our normal game.” In their previous five matches this season, Micho, as the Bucs coach is known, can only report victory against the out-of-sorts Chippa United in the league. They were booted from the MTN8 by SuperSport United and suffered league defeats to Bidvest Wits and Bloemfontein Celtic. The other result was a draw with Highlands Park in their opening league match. The Soweto giants have certainly started this season on a poor note and would like to get their rhythm back to appease their stressed-out supporters. Micho is aware that things could go haywire should they lose to the PSL returnees. Masutha claims not to be reading too much into Pirates’ rather imperfect results. He reflected: “We could easily beat Pirates at our packed stadium in Venda but I can promise you this will definitely be an exciting game.” He made a passionate plea to their fans to come to Polokwane in their numbers. Leopards head into this league clash sixth in the table with five points from three games. Masutha said their new goalkeeper, King Ndlovu, would make his debut tonight, having signed a five-year contract last week. Ndlovu joined Leopards from National First Division side Jomo Cosmos. Pirates, meanwhile, have been boosted by the return of key players Thabo Qalinge and Luvuyo Memela, who were out with injury. Bucs also have Meshack Maphangule, who is looking forward to spoiling Masutha’s dream. The former Leopards man spoke to Bucs’ official website about the prospect of going head-to-head with his former employers. “It is always special to face your former team,” said Maphangule, who joined Bucs from Lidoda Duvha in August. “Leopards will always have a special place in my heart. I have a special connection with them, Still, if I get to play, I will step on the field and do the job for my new club, fans and teammates.” “I expect it to be an emotional affair. I wouldn’t be human if I felt otherwise.”