RETIRED South African goalkeeper Brian “Spiderman” Baloyi will soon launch his goalkeeper academy to help improve the standard of goalkeepers in the country. The former Bafana Bafana and Kaizer Chiefs goal minder, is worried about the high number of foreign goalkeepers in the Premier Soccer League (PSL). The former goalkeeper coach at Amakhosi has challenged other goalkeepers in the PSL to get closer to Mzansi’s first choice goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune. Baloyi reckons Khune is head-and-shoulders above the rest and that Bafana and Amakhosi are relying heavily on the North West born goalie.. Baloyi said he’s happy for former Amakhosi goalkeeper Brilliant Khuzwayo, who joined Orlando Pirates. Khuzwayo has been playing second fiddle to Khune at Chiefs, but is expected to take over the number one jersey at his new club. Baloyi has tipped him to shine for the Buccaneers. Baloyi said: “It’s a good move for Khuzwayo. It’s also good for South African football goalkeeping in general. “Khuzwayo is on the verge of being a great goalkeeper. He’s not a great goalkeeper yet, he needs to prove to us that he can be a great goalkeeper. He has potential.” Baloyi is excited about his goalkeeper academy that will be officially launched in a few months’ time. He said: “I’ll be launching some programmes and that includes a goalkeeper academy, training and school. “Whenever Khune gets injured, it’s always a crisis because we don’t have enough quality between the sticks.” Baloyi has also advised Bafana coach Stuart Baxter not to play Khune in all the friendly games. Baloyi said: “Khune is being played every game, even small friendly matches. We have to try others to see if they can perform. Khune has no equal, we all know that but let’s try the others to avoid panicking during crises.” Baloyi’s top five local goalkeepers to look out for next season is Khune, Khuzwayo, Ronwin Williams of SuperSport United, Judy February of Ajax Cape Town and Reyaad Pieterse of SuperSport. Baloyi added: “I have nothing against foreign goalkeepers, but we have too many of them and that affects Bafana Bafana. “Most of our clubs are playing with foreign goalkeepers and for me a goalkeeper is one of the most important positions in the pitch, but we have a few of them in the whole country. “We need to address the problem with immediately effect. “There’s also not enough goalkeeper training at youth level, even some of the National First Division clubs don’t have goalkeeper coaches.”