President Cyril Ramaphosa will host Prime Minister
Theresa May of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on a
working visit to South Africa on Tuesday. The working visit follows bilateral meetings between
President Ramaphosa and Prime Minister May during the Commonwealth Heads of
Government Meeting (CHOGM) in London from 19 to 20 April 2018 and at the G7 in
Canada on 08 to 09 June 2018. Khusela Diko, spokesperson to the President,  said during the bilateral engagements the two
leaders discussed potential partnerships between the United Kingdom and South
Africa and efforts to strengthen bilateral trade and investment relations. The Working Visit by Prime Minister May seeks to further
cement economic relations built up over several decades. The last official visit to South Africa by a sitting UK
Prime Minister was in 2011. "Bilateral relations between South Africa and the
United Kingdom are strong, covering a range of areas of cooperation linked to
both governments’ priorities. "These relations are managed through a Bilateral
Forum at Ministerial level which meets biennially," said Diko. The UK was South Africa’s 6th largest global trading
partner in 2017, with total trade at R79,5 billion. The UK also remains the key
source of longhaul tourism to South Africa, with nearly 448 000 visitors in
2017. During tomorrow’s visit Prime Minister May will also
present President Ramaphosa with the SS Mendi Bell which was found in the
English Channel a year ago. In 1917, the SS Mendi suffered disaster in what has been
described as one of the 20th century's worst maritime disasters in UK waters.
On 21 February 1917, a large cargo steamship, Darro, collided with the Mendi in
the English Channel, south of the Isle of Wight. Mendi sank killing 646 people,
most of whom were black South African troops. The Mendi was chartered by the British government as a
troop carrier to serve in World War 1, carrying 823 members of South Africa’s
Fifth Batallion. They had completed 34 days of the voyage from Cape Town to
England, and were on their way to France to the war when tragedy struck in the
English Channel. In 2017, the South African government commemorated the
centenary of the sinking of SS Mendi which resulted in the loss of over 800 lives
who were mainly South Africans. The handing over of the SS Mendi Bell to the people of
South Africa is a mark of respect for the shared history and bilateral
friendship between the two countries.