The organizers of the inaugural International Women in Media Conference have finally released a statement to clear up the confusion surrounding Taraji P. Henson’s denial of her appearance at the conference. According to 21st Century Group, they did everything within their power to book the actress and pay a deposit to secure the booking before making the announcements. “We would like to place on record that prior arrangements were made with Ms. Henson’s agents, Superstar Agency whereby a contract was concluded,” they said in a statement. ICYMI: TARAJI DENIES ALL KNOWLEDGE OF MZANSI APPEARANCE! They went on to say that it was within “reasonable expectation” that they assumed that the agency would’ve communicated with Taraji regarding her attendance. “A deposit was also paid to Superstar Agency as a matter of enforcing and complying with the said contract on the part of 21st Century Group,” they continued. They also allege to have entered into three contractual agreements between themselves, Superstar Agency and Taraji’s management and publicity team, 42 West PR. The deposit was apparently $120 000. ICYMI: TARAJI AND HALLE’S NAMES DISAPPEAR FROM MZANSI CONFERENCE LINEUP! They go on to allege that they received written communication confirming that she would be at the conference. The media and asset management company has claimed to have handed the matter over their legal team in New York City to investigate the dispute. “We reiterate our disappointment in the manner in which this matter has come to the fore and without our knowledge through formal channels,” they said. But, the event will still go on as scheduled on 5 September. However, there is still confusion around the ticketing of the event. On one hand, the official statement claims that “no tickets were sold, and no tickets will be sold, it’s strictly by invitation”. However 21st Century has sent out a tweet saying: “No tickets will be sold further. If anyone has bought a ticket, they will be fully refunded, and will be given access to the Conference”. #WIMCon2018 #WIMConGalaDinner pic.twitter.com/w5ecqCuakk 