ONLY A year ago he started his church in Freddie’s Tavern so people could pray and drink at the same time. Now he has named himself the first black pope and he’s writing his brand new bible. AND WHEN THEY WORSHIP THEY CHANT: HALLELUJAH AAAMSTEL! TSIETSI Makiti met the SunTeam at Freddie’s Tavern, Orange Farm in the south of Joburg where the Gabola Church International Ministries was born with a few rejects from society. It was not a church day but Makiti proudly displayed his fine church clothing. “I am now Pope Tsietsi Makiti,” he said. He said his church has grown very quickly. In fact, he said, they now have more than a hundred branches around the country, all of them worshipping in taverns. While the SunTeam didn’t see any evidence, Makiti said he was working on his bible, which he says will be completed by November. His bible has a new style. The chapters are named after kasis where they have branches. For instance, in Evaton North chapter 1 verse 1, which was sent to the SunTeam on WhatsApp, he writes: “Leave every Gabola Church member to come to the first black African pope, equal to none, for the kingdom of God is for the ones like them. Now n forevermore, Hallelujah Amstel.” In the Gabola bible, the chapter called Orange Farm, verse 1, reads: “Our God Lord Has created us as the first Gabola Church in Freddie’s Tavern, for all who believe as is baptised as its membership will not perish but have life everlasting.” “We saw that many things that are written in the Bible are the things used to colonise us. “My bible will decolonise black people.” Makiti said even hymns sung at their church are not the same as other churches. “We are writing this new bible differently from the books of the past. “We are using things that are happening in the modern world because these things didn’t happen back then.” Makiti said many pastors and churches treat his church badly because they are against what he is doing. “There are pastors who speak ill of Gabola Church because our ways of doing things are strange to them. Other churches and their leaders are jealous that we might take their members,” he said. “They think we as the people of Gabola undermine their Jesus. Jesus was not in South Africa. He is just arriving now with Gabola Church and its bible.”