ORLANDO Pirates suffered their third successive defeat when they lost 1-0 to high-riding Bloemfontein Celtic in an Absa Premiership match at Free State Stadium yesterday. Celtic defender Bongani Sam scored the only goal that broke the hearts of Bucs fans. Pirates were hoping to put behind them the setback that saw them booted from the MTN8 Cup (4-3 defeat on penalties to SuperSport United), followed by a 1-0 loss to Bidvest Wits at Orlando Stadium last week. Bucs coach Milutin Sredojevic, who was concerned about his charges’ failure to score, made five changes in his starting lineup hoping to turn their fortunes around. Bucs’ speedy wingback Thabo Matlaba made a surprise return to the starting lineup for the first time this season. Earlier he had refused to join Chippa United with winger Bernard Morrison, who also snubbed the move. Gladwin Shitolo, who scored his second own goal of the season against the Clever Boys, was dropped from the squad, while Thamsanqa Gabuza started up-front in a bid to ensure victory. Celtic, meanwhile, were aiming to maintain their unbeaten league run, having collected six points in two games (beating Chippa United 2-0 and Golden Arrows by the same margin) and scoring four goals in the process. Coach Steve Komphela continued to put his trust in defender Lorenzo Gordinho to add stability in defence, ignoring the player’s plea to return to Kaizer Chiefs before his loan deal expires in December. Both teams started the match like a house on fire, with action swinging from one end to the other. They both created good scoring chances, but it was Celtic defender Sam who was more clinical in front of goal, as his volley caught Siyabonga Mpontshane off-guard and gifted his side the lead. Although Pirates tried hard to break through the solid Siwelele defence that has yet to concede a goal this season, the visitors’ poor finishing left a lot to be desired. Bucs players lacked composure in front of goal, which should be a worrisome factor for their finishing coach, Stephane Adam.