THE Premier Soccer League’s (PSL) Executive Committee are expected to ratify the sale of Bloemfontein Celtic and welcome the new club owners into the football family. Celtic are under new ownership after incumbent owner Max Tshabalala sold the club to businesswoman Sinki Leshabane and Moeketsi Mosola, who is also the City of Tshwane manager. Though the value of the transaction has not been revealed, the historic, butcash-strapped club are believed to have been sold for a figure in the region of R45 million. But any proposed sale has to be submitted to the Executive Committee first for approval. Until such a process has been completed, the league may not recognise the new owners. Among the constitutional obligations for acquisition and new ownership is to satisfy the PSL executive of the future financial stability and sustainability of the member club. And all employment contracts concluded by the member club shall be honoured, notwithstanding any pending transaction. The PSL won’t unreasonably withhold or delay approval if the application meets all the requirements. But financial stability factor could be key in the ratification process, given the challenges that have now led to the sale of the club. Truth is, the sale came as no surprise after Tshabalala publicly admitted to his financial woes. It is no secret that Celtic have been struggling financially in recent months, with allegations of unpaid staff salaries being at the heart of the club’s troubles. Failure to secure a new major sponsor also didn’t make things any easier for Tshabalala. And, according to the South African Player’s Union, the club faced liquidation after financial institution Standard Bank filed a High Court application for a provisional liquidation of the club. Leshabane is not new to football as she is also the owner of ABC Motsepe League side, Mangaung United. On the field though, Celtic have come out of the starting blocks with a triumphant roar, winning three of their opening matches under the guidance of coach Steve Komphela.