Barely a week ago, a video of former ANC MP Mduduzi Manana supporting the #TotalShutDown march was condemned by the nation. And now a poster advertising a gala diner against gender-based violence, which he will be part of, has also surfaced. The organiser told Daily Sun that Manana will be engaging with victims and it might get dirty! One of the posters featured convicted woman-beater Manana. The poster of the event, which is set to take place on 11 August at the East London Golf Club in Eastern Cape, has angered many people. However, attorney Buhle Tonise, the organiser of the Legends United Against Gender-Based Violence initiative, said Manana was not invited as a panellist, but as a participant. “It is unfortunate that people only focus on Manana and not other people invited,” she said. Tonise said Manana will not just be delivering an address, but will be facing questions from victims. She indicated that he must expect hard questions from some victims. “All women and victims who are angry with him for what he did will question him directly. “We informed him that if someone attacks him, we will not defend him.” Tonise said the purpose of the gala dinner is to raise funds to complete construction of a house for “Mama Lion”, the woman who killed her daughter’s rapist. She said the point was to also invite perpetrators to become part of the solution to gender-based violence. “Some of the victims are just okay with the rapist apologising,” she said. “There is a huge gap between victim and perpetrator, but we cannot exclude them from the process.” She further said other leaders from religious, government and private sectors had been invited. In a statement released by the Mduduzi Manana Foundation, it said it was not aware that he was invited as a “legend”. “The foundation has noted the insensitive nature of the event poster carrying the face of the chairperson and further describing him as a legend. “The assault conviction that involves the chairperson, for which he took full responsibility and showed remorse, is understandably still fresh in the minds of many South Africans.” The foundation also said it was not aware that Manana’s picture was used on the poster. “We have since advised the organisation to be sensitive to the public outcry and to withdraw the event poster and any other material bearing his face.”