THE police portfolio committee and women in the presidency in parliament were briefed on the statistics of domestic violence on Tuesday. The acting national commissioner of the police, Lieutenant-General Lebeoana Tsumane, told MPs on Tuesday that between October and March, 264 cop shops were visited. The aim was to ensure that the police are complying with the requirements for handling domestic violence. Tsumane said they discovered 133 cases of police failure to keep records properly and 18 cases of failing to properly assist complainants opening cases. He said another issue discovered in police stations across Mzansi was the failure to confiscate guns from domestic violence suspects, as well as the failure to issue protection orders within a reasonable time. MPs were told that complainants of domestic violence were often turned away by cops and ordered to go back home and discuss matters “amicably”. Tsumane added that some officers were victims of violence themselves. ‘There are also cops that are perpetrators.” Western Cape topped the list of cops who are perpetrators and victims of domestic violence. This emerged after ANC MP Cynthia Majeke asked for statistics of cops that carried out domestic violence. The cops only managed to present statistics for April and September 2016. They said they are still working on current statistics. In 2016, at least 62 cops from 35 Western Cape cop shops were involved in domestic violence, either as perpetrators or victims. EFF MP Makoti Khawula said turning away complainants of domestic violence led to deaths. “When victims go to the police, they have already exhausted the structures around them. “But they are still told by the lawmen to go back home and talk to each other,” said Khawula. Tsumane responded: “This is a concern being raised. It is our responsibility to see that policies and regulations put in place by the government are implemented.” Cosatu’s parliamentary officer Matthew Parks said the fight against domestic violence and gender-based violence was not about government alone. “The abuse of women is a massive scandal in the country. “It’s getting worse and we are not making any inroads despite government’s good commitments. “This isn’t just government’s failure, but the entire nation. Especially as men we have a culture of abusing women,” said Parks.