The love story between Khaya and Ntandoyenkosi Mthethwa is showing no signs of slowing down and Ntando is just smitten. The former Miss SA recently took to social media – as she usually does – to gush over her musician and pastor husband, Khaya. In one post, Ntando said: “I have a huge crush on my pastor”, which many fans found to be quite adorable. The couple recently went on a romantic getaway in the middle of nowhere where they enjoyed scenic views of nature and indulged in spa treatements. “We woke up in this beautiful place. Nature is my happy place; it always reminds me of patience. Everything happens in its own time and where nothing is rushed. Truly grateful to God for such experiences. Being able to do this with my husband is the best part. I used to dream about days like this,” Ntando said during the getaway. Khaya has been a front-runner in the husband Olympics since the couple got married in 2017. In April this year, he threw Ntando a fabulous 26 birthday party. Last week, he was also crushing on his wife all over again and shared a heart-melting message with her. “You embody strength, character, wisdom and beauty @mthethwa_ntando ! I know it’s woman’s month every month & woman’s day everyday! But I’ll try make this month extra special!! Happy women’s month to all the women in our incredible country,” he said. ?????????? #ManCrushEverySunday A post shared by  Ntandoyenkosi Mthethwa (@mthethwa_ntando) on Aug 6, 2018 at 4:10am PDT  A weekend well spent ?????????? A post shared by  Ntandoyenkosi Mthethwa (@mthethwa_ntando) on Jul 15, 2018 at 6:01am PDT  ?? ?? ?? The Husband A post shared by  Ntandoyenkosi Mthethwa (@mthethwa_ntando) on Jul 15, 2018 at 3:46am PDT  We woke up in this beautiful place. Nature is my happy place, it always reminds me of patience. Everything happens in its own time and where nothing is rushed. Truly grateful to God for such experiences. Being able to do this with my husband is the best part. I used to dream about days like this. ???? A post shared by  Ntandoyenkosi Mthethwa (@mthethwa_ntando) on Jul 14, 2018 at 2:12am PDT  You embody strength, character, wisdom and beauty @mthethwa_ntando ! I know it’s woman’s month every month & woman’s day everyday! But I’ll try make this month extra special!! Happy women’s month to all the women in our incredible country. A post shared by  Khaya Mthethwa ???? (@khayamthethwa) on Jul 31, 2018 at 10:49pm PDT  