Local rapper Kwesta, real name Senzo Vilakazi turned the big 30 yesterday. Among the people to wish the Spirit hitmaker a happy birthday were internationally renowned personalities Sway, jidenna and Davido. Kwesta has become one of Mzansi’s most recognizable faces having worked with international artists such as Wale and Rick Ross. He is also part of the elite few Mzansi rappers who have made it to Sway in the morning where he dropped one of the most impressive freestyles. “I want to say to my brother Kwesta, I love you man, when you step down in the States I got your back, when I step down in Africa you got my back, happy birthday Kwesta, Kuyafiwa!” Sway said in the video. Jidenna, who revealed when he was in Mzansi a few months ago that Kwesta was one of his favorite African artists, also took some time to wish him well on his 30th birthday. “Kwesta I hope you are out there enjoying today, this is your big 30th, this is your born day, the earth bore you for a greater purpose and it shows through your art and through the way you walk,” he said in a video shared on social media. Kwestas birthday celebration took place at Sumo Night Club in Rosebank on Friday with a lineup that included the likes of DJ Fresh, DJ Capital, DJ Dimplez and Twins on Decks among others. Bro bro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! S/O to the ultimate plug, the biggest heart in Hip-hop, the African's African in the states, The passage opener, the culture restructurerer!!! @realsway I love you too bro. Thank you ???! (Yes I put an exclamation mark on the fist) #Spirit Mzansi and I will be turning up @sumonightclub tonight!!!!! Let's!!! Sway said Kuyafiwa!!!!! A post shared by  KwestaDaKAR (@kwestadakar) on Aug 10, 2018 at 11:04am PDT  My brother @davidoofficial Bro, you told the world to COME TO AFRICA, that was one for all of us!!!! #Spirit ??? Thank you bro. Let's give them what they need! Check out #NwaBabyVideo on the tube. Link in my bro's bio!!!! A post shared by  KwestaDaKAR (@kwestadakar) on Aug 10, 2018 at 11:20am PDT  Thank you bro.. @jidenna #LongLiveTheChief Already messing around with those beats.. Say wassup to Bamby for me ?? #Spirit ???! A post shared by  KwestaDaKAR (@kwestadakar) on Aug 11, 2018 at 2:43am PDT  