“WE WILL not wait for another Women’s Month before we end the hardships women face daily! “We need to take action to stop these problems!” At an imbizo at Tshwane North College, women spoke up about one common problem they are forced to deal with constantly: violence. Questions were asked: What are we doing as a country to deal with it? How many lives will be lost before there is change? Will women ever stop living in fear? , Mmathale Phetlhe, student-secretary general at Tshwane North College Temba Campus, said there are no support structures in place to help students who have been violated and victimised. Francina Tsakane, a student at the college, said she was raised by her father, who is a gentleman. She believed all men were like her father but she learned she was wrong the hard way. “I now dress like a man because I feel safer this way. I hide my body to stop people hurting me again. “It’s terrible living in fear. Students don’t feel safe on campus.” Buti Manamela, deputy minister for higher education and training, said: “The imbizo is the start of a national movement to develop conversations about the safety of students at institutions of higher learning.” “Gender-based violence violates women’s dignity, rights, health, wellbeing and education.” The imbizo is a project of the Higher Education and Training Health Wellness and Development Centre. “The imbizos provide the platform for sharing information that will allow people to understand the root cause of gender-based and sexual violence. “We are determined to learn from these discussions in order for us to bring about a sector-wide strategy which we can align with national legislation, both within and outside of the higher education and training system.” Buti said as a country, we have a long way to go before we make sure that women and men are equal or boys grow up basing their behaviour towards their sisters, mothers and other women on positive role models” Dr Ramneek Ahluwalia, CEO of the wellness and development centre, called on every student and staff member to be part of the transformation. “We can do that by respecting girls’ and women’s dignity and rights every single day.” Mulalo Mutheiwana, a student at the Vaal University of Technology, said: “Suicide is not a weakness. Khensani Maseko was not weak. She was drained by a world that did nothing about her abuse.”