ANC Gauteng’ Deputy provincial chairman Panyaza Lesufi delivered a scathing state of DA-led coalition governments in Gauteng. Addressing the media at the ANC Joburg’s offices in Joburg’s CBD, Lesufi has announced that a motion of no confidence on Tshwane Mayor Solly Msimanga will be tabled before Council. This is after Lesufi slammed the DA-led coalition government, saying that the Tshwane municipality is not functional and “needs assistance.” Lesufi also said that a motion of no confidence is what can restore damage in Tshwane’s government. The ANC is said to table the motion of no confidence on Thursday (30 August) during the Council meeting. Lesufi has listed issues of major concern such as corruption scandals that continue to plague the coalition-led cities, a lack of service delivery and “endless land invasions that are not monitored.” “The only way to help the city is for the ANC to table a motion of no confidence on Thursday and call for fresh elections so that the people of Tshwane can now elect a government of their choice that will restore the damage that has been caused by the DA-led coalition in the city,” Lesufi said. “We call on all parties in council that are opposed to corruption and maladministration to support this motion.” Lesufi also said that a night vigil will be held on the day before the motion is tabled, which will be followed by a march. “It is quite clear in Tshwane that the people of the city have been let down in a big way due to the dysfunctional coalition government which has put the municipality under tremendous pressure as the coalition partners battle to avoid disintegration,” Lesufi said. Lesufi slammed the coalition governments, calling them “unprincipled coalition governments” that have been “proven too costly to maintain.” “Often residents in the cities have had to take a back seat as service delivery gets hampered by the attempt to keep the coalition arrangements at all costs,” Lesufi said. Lesufi said that coalition governments have been more focused on keeping the coalition government together. “Parties in the respective councils have spent more time discussing motions of no confidence rather than serving our people,” he said. “We therefore believe that the final resolution that will restore order and sanity in all these municipalities is to have a fresh mandate so that the ANC can have a clear mandate and if the ANC does not have that mandate, we will make way for those that have been given a clear mandate to run those municipalities.” 