The Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane has hit back at
what he calls a systematic and calculated attack. Speaking at the press briefing held at Nkululeko House, the
party’s Gauteng headquarters in Bruma, Joburg, Maimane was joined by Tshwane
mayor Solly Msimanga and other DA leaders. The briefing follows a Federal Executive special sitting
which was discussing the status of DA-led coalition governments. Former Nelson Mandela Bay mayor Athol Trollip was removed on
Tuesday, and Tshwane mayor Msimanga faces a motion of no confidence on Thursday. Maimane said that it is crucial the coalition partners,
which include the African Chirstian Democratic Party (ACDP), COPE, Freedom
Front Pus and the Inkatha Freedom Party, strengthen their resolve. Maimane called the decision to remove Trollip and replace
him “invalid,” having “no effect in law.” “Athol Trollip remains the mayor of NMB, and the Eastern
Cape High Court in Port Elizabeth will consider this matter tomorrow morning. “The DA and our partners will come out in numbers to support
Mayor Trollip because we believe a victory on this matter will be a victory for
the people of NMB,” he said. Maimane also listed some achievements of DA-led coalition
governments and commended their fight against corruption. “Johannesburg has uncovered R18 billion in corruption within
the city, Nelson Mandela Bay cancelled corruption contracts to the tune of R650
million and opened tender adjudication processes to the public, and Tshwane has
cleared out corrupt officials in the administration and fought against the
corrupt R 2 billion PEU contract in court and won. “Johannesburg saw the electrification of 6000 homes for the
very first time, while Nelson Mandela Bay eradicated almost 10 000 bucket
toilets and ensured 12 000 residents received running water and flush toilets
in their homes for the first time.” Maimane also said that they will not be fielding a new
candidate for Tshwane Mayor during the council seating set to take place on
Thursday (30 August). “The voters elected Solly Msimanga as their mayor, and we
will not cave to the demands of the minority. The mayor’s office does not have
a revolving door policy determined by the whims of the minority,” he said. “If the EFF decides to formalise its coalition of corruption
with the ANC tomorrow and supports their Motion of No Confidence in the DA-led
coalition government in Tshwane, then they have showed their true colours as
being nothing more than the military wing of the ANC – aiding and abetting
corruption and looting.” 