TO say that the Senior African Athletics Championships in Nigeria is disorganised chaos would be an understatement. The 21st edition of the biggest athletics event on the continent has turned into a nightmare for Africa’s biggest stars. The championships have been characterised by frustrations, fist fights, flight cancellations and poor administration. And the event only started yesterday! The championships, taking place at the Stephen Keshi Stadium in Asaba were overshadowed by ugly events at Lagos’ international airport. More than 30 countries were affected when flights from Lagos to Asaba were either delayed or cancelled. Fists were flying as team members of Africa’s athletics powerhouse, Kenya, decided that enough was enough and took matters into their own hands, coming to blows with airport staff. Burkina Faso, Burundi, Chad, Niger, Namibia, Cameroon, Swaziland, Mauritius, Egypt, Botswana and Lesotho were also among the teams that spent more than two days stuck at the airport with no support. Big stars that excelled at the IAAF Diamond League meetings in Europe, such as Francine Niyonsaba of Burundi, Julius Yego of Kenya, and Margret Wambui and George Manangoi of Kenya were furious about the bad treatment they received from the Local Organising Committee (LOC) and vowed that they would never again participate in African champs events. After the big airport fight, Kenya withdrew their 68-member team from the competition with immediate effect. Javelin king Julius Yego was spitting fire and said the LOC didn’t care about the athletes: “I have never been subjected to such treatment anywhere. This is the worst organised event in Africa, we won’t be competing any more. “Nigeria just woke up on Sunday and said ‘we will have the event today’. This is mediocrity. I will never represent Africa. I should have stayed home, I regret being here. What is going on is a mess. This is such poor organisation.” Added Manangoi: “For a big country like this, I’m disappointed in Nigeria. They let us down and wasted our time. We should be in Europe making money, not involved in this nonsense.” South African golden girl Caster Semenya’s rivals Wambui and Niyonsaba were equally frustrated, as they held their minicamp at the airport on empty stomachs. Said Wambui: “This is embarrassing. We haven’t trained, eaten or slept in two days.” Added Niyonsaba: “If we don’t compete we are accused of being unpatriotic, but this is bitterly disappointing.” Hundreds of athletes had to sleep on the airport floor for hours, never receiving any form of assistance. Morocco stayed at the airport for three frustrating days before deciding to go back home. Niyonsaba said: “This is not good for African athletics. It’s a sad day for the sport. I’m disappointed by how Nigeria has handled the travel issues.” Some athletes scheduled to compete in the morning took to Twitter to hammer the LOC, while others just packed their bags and went home.