AS THEIR charges gear up for the biggest game of their lives in the Nedbank Ke Yona Challenge, set for Makhulong Stadium in Tembisa on Sunday 9 September, Ke Yona team coaches are wrapping up their match-day preparations at the High Performance Centre in Pretoria. The Team Search squad is hard at work preparing for the match against 2018 Nedbank Cup champions Free State Stars. The 16 hopefuls who have been carefully selected and groomed by renowned coaching experts Khabo Zondo and Ephraim “Shakes” Mashaba, have participated in thrilling friendly games and training matches. This has given the coaches and players insight about the areas that need improvement at this final training camp in Pretoria. Nedbank has found new ways to enhance the experience for players and fans. For the first time in the history of the Ke Yona Team Search, the bank will give the public the chance to decide the destination of their favourite players. This will be done through the Nedbank Ke Yona Draft, which will see the final squad potentially scoring professional contracts with PSL clubs. In previous years, the draft was conducted in the form of a live draw. This year, Mzansi’s football loving public will take charge of the draft by voting the Ke Yona stars into the 16 PSL teams. Tutu Skosana, the bank’s sponsorship manager for football properties, said the life-changing prospect of being part of the Ke Yona squad has the remaining players beaming with enthusiasm and hope,. “It’s the same hope 20-year-old Bloemfontein Celtic left-back Bongani Sam experienced this time last year. These are the kind of opportunities that the bank, as a responsible financial institution, endeavours to secure to uplift our players and their communities through the draft component.” This is Free State Stars’s first Ke Yona Team Search experience – after midfielder, Goodman Dlamini netted a great goal which proved enough to claim top honours against Maritzburg United with a 1-0 win in the Nedbank Cup final earlier this year. To watch the promising Ke Yona talent, the public can tune into SABC1 every Saturday at 2pm for an insider’s look into the acclaimed talent search. Voting opened on Saturday and will close on 22 September.