BANYANA Banyana players received a huge morale boost ahead of the upcoming Cosafa Women’s Championship. They were in high spirits after they got paid their outstanding bonuses at the weekend for winning last year’s Cosafa event and qualifying for the Africa Women’s Cup of Nations. SunSport has reliably learnt that Banyana will assemble for a weeklong camp in Joburg on Sunday until 10 August, when coach Desiree Ellis will select her Cosafa squad. The championship is set to take place from 26 August to 6 September in Mzansi. It remains to be seen whether South Africa will be able to defend the title they won in Zimbabwe last year and do well in the Women’s Afcon to be played in Ghana in November. There has been several issues regarding players’ payments. Allegations that players have been waiting for bonuses promised to them after their Cosafa triumph first surfaced last month. Ellis’s charges were also awaiting payment for successfully qualifying for the Women’s Afcon following a 7-0 aggregate rout of Lesotho last month. A member of the Banyana team who spoke to SunSport on condition of anonymity confirmed that they have now been paid. The last payment of R12 700 was made this past weekend but some players apparently only got half of the money, which is R6 350. Said the player: “Safa gave us our bonuses and daily allowance for winning Cosafa last year. “The girls also got their share of the R500 000 from sponsors Kwese Sports. They deposited the final amount, which is R12 700, on Saturday, but some players only got half of that.” Banyana coach Ellis hopes everything will be sorted by the time they go to Ghana because they are determined to qualify for their first World Cup next year. “We are hoping that all of this will have been sorted by November. As I’ve said before, it is not negotiable – we must qualify for the World Cup,” said the coach. SunSport has learnt that Ellis has named six new players for this camp, including the likes of Kholosa Biyana and Salome Kekana.