JOSEPH COULD talk of nothing other than being married to his Thembi. And Thembi couldn’t wait to say “Yes” when he finally popped the question. BUT THE ANCESTORS HAVE SLAPPED A BIG “NO” ON THE LOVE BIRDS’ TALKS OF MARRIAGE! Thembi Madondo (42) from Diepkloof, Soweto said she and Joseph Ngcobo (46) were so happy and they only ever talked about getting married. “But then he went home to Pomeroy, KZN to consult his ancestors before taking our relationship to another level,” Thembi told Daily Sun. “And the answer Joseph came back with broke my heart into a million pieces.” She said his ancestors told him he was still to meet his forever partner. “We were so good together. In the years we’ve been together we’ve had nothing but happiness. There was never a dull moment,” she said. “He was good to me. I’m sure he would have made a good husband and father to our children. “He spoiled me with expensive gifts and I made sure I gave him everything a man wants.” But when Joseph came back from KZN on Sunday he was a changed man. “He is no longer the Joseph I knew. He’s like a stranger. Clearly his ancestors didn’t feel anything for me and now he doesn’t feel anything for me either.” Thembi said Joseph’s ancestors were cruel and unfair. “How can they destroy something so perfect?” she said. But broken-hearted Thembi hasn’t given up yet. She said she needed a powerful sangoma who can convince Joseph’s ancestors to approve of her. “I know I’m asking for a lot but I need help. I love Joseph. “If I can get him back I will be a good, faithful and respectful wife.” Joseph told Daily Sun he had consulted the ancestors all his life before making serious decisions and marriage was a very serious step. “When the ancestors say no, it’s no. Unfortunately in this case, they rejected her and there’s nothing I can do. If I ignore their message I might regret it one day. That’s why I have decided to stay far away from Thembi.” He said he can’t deny his love for Thembi. “I love her very much, but I can’t defy the ancestors,” he said. “I won’t make that mistake. I will wait for them to show me a wife.” Sangoma Jabulani Mthimkulu said it was very important to listen to the ancestors because they were usually right. “They can see what the future holds and the children must listen.”