THE NISSAN Navara reversed at full speed, smashing the front of the VW Fox to pieces. But worse was yet to come. THE 4X4’s DOOR OPENED AND THERE STOOD A MAN THE SIZE OF AMERICAN WRESTLER “BIG SHOW” WITH AN IRON BAR IN HIS HAND! As the enraged man came closer Jimmy Mbonani (24) from Boschkop, Tshwane guessed the man wasn’t there for a friendly chat. “This man who looked like WWE wrestler Big Show attacked the car with an iron bar,” he said. “He was breathing heavily and shouting. I was shocked. To me it looked as if I was watching my favourite wrestler attacking a man in a match. Nobody in Boschkop could have stopped him.” Jimmy said the man was driving a new white Navara. He said he was with his children in their car on their way back from a football match on Sunday evening. Jimmy said he didn’t know what made the man so angry. “Perhaps I drove in his way or maybe he thought I was going too slowly,” said Jimmy. According to him the man slammed on brakes in front of them. Then he reversed into them. That’s when the man walked around the car and smashed almost all the windows and lights and then raced off. Jimmy said he took the registration number. Prince Njiko (38), the owner of the car, employed his cousin Jimmy to drive the car as a taxi. “I couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw my car with its broken windows and lights,” Prince told Daily Sun. He said he bought the Jetta Fox 1.3L. five years ago. “It will cost about R30 000 to fix it. I bought this car to put food on the table. Now it is wrecked and my family will starve,” he said. Prince said they are losing a lot of money every day as they are not able to use the car. They want action from the police so that justice can prevail. Police spokesman Constable Yeroboam Mbatsane told Daily Sun that a case of malicious damage to property has been opened but no arrest has been made. Mbatsane said the complainant initially provided the police with the wrong registration number for the Navara. “The complainant was called on Tuesday and he gave the police the right number.” He said the police found out that the car belongs to a security company. “We will know who the suspect is after the company finds out who was driving the car on the day of the crash.”