ALTHOUGH Bidvest Wits remain unbeaten so far this season, their coach Gavin Hunt says he has not set his sights on winning the Absa Premiership title just yet. In fact, Hunt claims he is striving to avoid relegation so that he can keep his job, a somewhat bizarre statement considering his success at the club where he won the 2016-17 PSL title. The outspoken mentor spoke to SunSport after their third successive win on Wednesday, a 1-0 victory over Orlando Pirates at Orlando Stadium thanks to Gladwin Shitolo’s own goal. The fact that Wits beat Kaizer Chiefs (3-1) and Pirates within the space of nine days is an indication that the new-look Students have championship credentials, but Hunt prefers to keep a low profile. Wits head the standings on nine points. “We are not happy with our performance. It doesn’t matter how well you play, it’s all about getting results. We are in the results business and driven by results. We played well in our first two games. Tonight was not as pretty but it’s about results.” Added Hunt: “We have played only three games and the wins will help us a lot going forward. I am trying to get to 30 points as quickly as possible and get to safety so we may keep our jobs.” Wits have now channelled their focus into their league clash with Kaitano Tembo’s SuperSport United at Milpark’s Bidvest Stadium tomorrow (8.15pm). Hunt hopes his charges will play their normal style of attacking football against his former side tomorrow after they struggled against Bucs. “It was always going to be difficult because of back-to-back away games, Chiefs and now Pirates. We had a different approach – it’s not the way we like to play, but I knew we would get a chance to score.” Hunt stressed that playing at home won’t guarantee them results: “Home ground advantage doesn’t really count in this league. If I was a betting man I would bet on away teams most of the times.” He is confident that youngsters like Haashim Domingo, who forced Bucs defender Shitolo to deflect the cross into his own net, will play a crucial role this season. “Young Haashim, to me, is the best player since Steven Pienaar emerged from Ajax Cape Town’s academy.”