FOR YEARS, South Africans have demanded politicians answer for state capture. But it seems the Commission of Inquiry into State Capture is not enjoying much public support. SPEAKING ON THE FIRST DAY OF THE INQUIRY YESTERDAY, DEPUTY CHIEF JUSTICE RAYMOND ZONDO PLEADED WITH SOUTH AFRICANS TO COME FORWARD WITH INFORMATION. “We urge all South Africans who love this country to come forward and assist this commission in order to resolve this issue,” the chairman of the commission, sitting in Parktown, Joburg, said. “This commission is an opportunity for all of us in this country to play a role and contribute to finding a solution to corruption and state capture.” Zondo said the ministers they had dealt with so far had been helpful but there were challenges with department officials. The task of the commission is to reveal the full extent of corruption at state-owned companies and prove allegations that previous president Jacob Zuma used his position to secure deals for the controversial Gupta family as well as for his son, Duduzane. Among the witnesses expected to testify to the commission are former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas, former ANC parliamentary caucus chair Vytjie Mentor and Treasury official Willie Mathebula. The commission was established following recommendations made by former public protector Thuli Madonsela in her 2016 report into state capture. Among the allegations made at the time were that Jonas and Mentor were offered cabinet positions by the Gupta family. Jonas claimed the Guptas offered him a promotion and a bribe of R600 million in October 2015. The incident allegedly happened two months before Zuma axed Nhlanhla Nene as finance minister. Advocate Vincent Maleka told the commission the legal representatives of everyone with allegations against them had received all the necessary statements and would be allowed to sit in to hear oral presentations in which their clients were mentioned. Zuma will be represented by Advocate Muzi Sikhakhane while Duduzane will be represented by Advocate Dawie Joubert. Former Zuma lawyer Advocate Michael Hellens will be representing Ajay Gupta. The commission will also broaden its scope to look into government advertising at The New Age newspaper, which was owned by the Guptas. The ANC has urged members who know anything about state capture to come forward. Zizi Kodwa, head of the party’s presidency, yesterday said: “Those who have made allegations loudly in public should be bold and courageous and use this important platform to come forward with evidence for the sake of the country. We need to get to the bottom of these allegations.” Mathebula is expected to be the first witness today.