Local entertainer, Ntando Duma’s daughter, Sbahle recently turned one-year-old. And of course, the proud momma had to go all out to celebrate the special occasion. The pink-themed birthday party was attended by close family and friends and celebs including Tshepi Vundla who was there with her almost-one-year-old baby bod. Ntando and Sbahle were twins in beige, chiffon skirts and white shirts. “And to all my invited guests that took their time out of their schedule to come celebrate this special day with my family and I, THANK YOU… for the lovely gifts too … Your presence made it even more beautiful!!” said Ntando. Baby daddy, Junior De Rocka was visibly missing from all of the birthday snaps. I'll do the tags and long captions tomorrow but I'm very grateful for this day! Thank you to everyone that made it possible ?????? A post shared by  Ms Ntando Fleekiswa Duma (@dumantando) on Aug 11, 2018 at 12:52pm PDT  This has been one of the most stressful things to put together???? but reminding myself why I'm doing it kept me going and this is what it resulted to! This is and forever will be my dream to see my daughter @sbahlemzizi happy regardless of what's happening and THIS is what I've imagined her first birthday to be and my heart is full?????? A BIG shout out to @no.valo.creations and @zanele.maduna for helping me put this together!! Your work is Absolutely INCREDIBLE! I'm so happy I chose you and totally grateful for your willingness to make sure that it turns out so wonderful! THANK YOU!!!!!???????? and to my Tom Tom @stillsbytom thank you for capturing all this beauty ?? @kayise_zulu Mom!!! I can never thank you enough for your willingness to always want to give a helping hand whenever and wherever you can, Thank you for giving such a gorgeous space to host!???? I love you! And to @infin8ti_co sending all THANK YOUs for giving us such cute matching outfits with my little one?????? A post shared by  Ms Ntando Fleekiswa Duma (@dumantando) on Aug 12, 2018 at 11:10pm PDT  And to all my invited guests that took their time out of their schedule to come celebrate this special day with my family and I, THANK YOU?????? for the lovely gifts too???? Your presence made it even more beautiful!!! Decor and event planned by @no.valo.creations ?? : @stillsbytom Skirts from @infin8ti_co Make up by @jenniferShirinda A post shared by  Ms Ntando Fleekiswa Duma (@dumantando) on Aug 13, 2018 at 12:28am PDT   