THE recent outbreak of rabies in Mzansi has raised people’s awareness about this terrible disease. But how do we ensure that all our family members are safe? Rabies is 100% preventable, yet 55 000 people all over the world die each year from the disease. The World Health Organisation has pledged to end human deaths caused by dog-transmitted rabies by 2030. The first step to take is making sure our pets are vaccinated against rabies. Vaccinate cats and dogs against rabies when they are three months old. They need a booster one to nine months later. They should also get an annual vaccination, unless the vet advises otherwise. South African law instructs that pets should be vaccinated against rabies. So, it is a pet owner’s responsibility to make sure their pet is vaccinated. The real danger is stray or feral pets. Sadly, it’s our children who are mostly at risk. Rabies is transmitted by getting bitten by or scratched by infected animal. The saliva of these animals is infectious. Rabies can also be spread through the licks of an infected animal. If you suspect that you have been infected, immediately flush and wash the wound for a minimum of 15 minutes with warm water and a disinfectant. Seek medical attention immediately. Advise the doctor of your suspicion as they need to notify the relevant authorities, an also administer treatment. If you wait to get medical attention and the symptoms appear, the disease will be fatal. Dr Guy Fyvie, nutritional adviser at Hill’s Pet Nutrition, gave some rabies safety tips. - Four in 10 cases of suspected rabies infection involve children under 15 years getting bitten. It is important for children to know the dangers of interacting with stray animals. - If you get bitten or scratched by an animal, assume the worst and get treated immediately. Once the symptoms present themselves, you will die. - Make sure that your pets’ rabies vaccinations are up to date. If you are in an outbreak area, vaccinate your pets again. Pets without proof of vaccination may be put down, if they contact an infected or rabid animal, whether they show symptoms or not. - Do not let your pets wander in the streets or mix with unknown animals – an animal can become infected by fighting with another animal, even through a fence. – NEWS24