Miss South Africa, Tamaryn Green made the dreams of two little girls come true recently when she invited them to meet her. It was the dream of 15-year-olds, Chloe Moss and Lesedi Sekgololo from the Reach for a Dream Foundation to meet Tamaryn and spend some time with her. So when, Tamaryn heard that one her favourite hotels, The Maslow in Sandton, was throwing a tea party, she thought it would be most opportune to invite the girls. Daily Sun caught up with the stunning beauty queen and the girls at the tea party, where Miss SA told us why it meant a lot to her to meet the girls. “They really wanted to meet me and I wanted to meet them and we’re enjoying it, it’s really nice. You can just see the excitement in their eyes and the big thing for me is to actually inspire young girls. And often, just having them meet you and see that you are human, also a young girl who is relatable [is a big deal]. So I could see they were very happy and f I can make their day then it’s amazing,” she said.  Tamaryn, who was crowned just two months ago, said that she could relate to not only having the dream of becoming Miss SA but to having a dream in general. And it is because she now knows what it feels like to have a big dream come true, that she was so willing to spare some time and hang out with the young girls. “Something that I try to speak about all the time is that it is important for young people to have dreams, to have goals, otherwise you just go through life not knowing in which direction you’re really going. It doesn’t matter how big or small the dream is, it is just important to have that view of where you wanna be one day. That’s one of the things I mention when I do talks at schools,” she said. Tamaryn, Chloe and Lesedi spent the afternoon on the pool deck in The Maslow’s tranquil oasis garden enjoying sumptuous treats. The event was a first of many for what is now called Maslow High Tea. Guests were treated to a selection of gorgeous-looking and tasting treats paired with some of the best teas available in this country. From the decadent food options including vanilla bean scones with cape fig jam, caramelized tomato and onion quiche and orange and almond cake, to delicious teas like sweet berries tea and green tea Morgentau, the girls were treated to a luxurious afternoon. The Maslow’s Pairing High Tea is due to be served every Saturday between 08h00 and 17h00. 