CHIPPA United coach Dan Malesela says there is no need for their fans to panic following his side’s poor start to the new Absa Premiership season. The Port Elizabeth side suffered a shock 2-0 defeat to Bloemfontein Celtic in a league game played at the Dr Molemela Stadium. Tebogo Potsane’s strike just before the half-time and Tshegofatso John Mabaso’s second half penalty were enough to sink Chippa. Having signed top quality players in the likes of Daine Klate and Thabo Nthethe the Chilli Boys were expected to hit the ground running. But their performance left a lot to be desired. Despited the setback, Malesela, who is back for his second tenure at the helm of Chippa, is not reading too much into the defeat. “There is no need to panic, it is still early days,” he said, “We don’t need to change too much, we trust our processes, it is only a matter of getting into the groove.” Malesela insists his players will come good, especially now that the first game is out of the way. “It is understandable for the players to be a bit nervous for the first game of a new season,” he said. “It is only the mental aspect we need to correct but physically, I felt the boys gave everything,” he added. The Chilli Boys made no less than 15 signings this season and Malesela admits he will need some time to find the right combinations. “The team is trying to gel, these things take some time, but the good thing is that we still have 29 games to come good,” he said. One of the new additions to Chippa’s side is Klate who joined his home town team from Bidvest Wits last month. Klate echoes the same sentiments as his coach, saying they will improve as the season continues. “We did not get the result we wanted over the weekend but we have to put that behind us and focus on the next game,” said Klate. Chippa will have to be at their best if they are to get anything from their next match. They host one of Klate’s former clubs, Orlando Pirates at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Wednesday night (7.30pm). “Pirates is a very good team with a lot of quality players who can hurt you at any point in the match, we have to fight from the first to the last minute. “Personally it is always nice coming up against them hopefully we will get the desired result,” Klate added.