TO say Bradley Ralani and Cape Town City share a common goal would be stating the obvious. But this is certainly no cliche – and there is a fascinating story behind Ralani’s football career, which has taken him to Sweden and Denmark. The 30-year-old has emerged as an integral part of Benni McCarthy’s plans to win his maiden PSL trophy as a coach. City open their season with a home fixture against SuperSport United at Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (6pm), then visit Maritzburg United in the MTN8 Cup next weekend. “SuperSport remain a good team. I’m not reading too much into what happened last season,” says Ralani. “A win on Saturday will be a morale booster going into the MTN8 Cup. Winning the cup would be massive. The team has already felt what it’s like to lose in the final. Now we have another chance to clinch it. “I’ve been here for only eight months. It will be a great feeling to lift my first trophy back home.” Having joined City in January, the Kimberley-born winger only just had a full pre-season with the Cape team. “Our pre-season has gone well. “Not only did we test ourselves against lower teams but also against bigger teams such as Orlando Pirates, Bidvest Wits and recently Kaizer Chiefs,” he explains. “At least we could see how far we have progressed in terms of preparedness.” Unlike many local players, Ralani didn’t turn professional in the PSL. His career blossomed when he signed with Helsingborgs. “My story is a long one but I can cut it short and say I’ve had so many ups and downs,” he says with chuckle. “I’ve even been at Chiefs’ development before. I played for Basotho Tigers, I played in the SAB league, and I also played in the third tier, where I was scouted, and later joined Farouk Khan’s Star of Africa academy.” As luck would have it, Ralani was spotted by the Swedish team, on their pre-season training camp in Mzansi. “Just by luck they watched the game I was playing in and immediately told Farouk right there and then that they were taking me to Sweden. The rest is history,” Ralani says. Under McCarthy, Ralani reckons he can only flourish, as he has someone who encourages him to take on defenders, isolate the opposition and create scoring chances.