 WHEN THE madala raped his granddaughter, he threatened to stab her with a knife if she told anybody. Even a year ago, when she gave birth to his baby, she kept his dirty secret. NOW SHE IS PREGNANT AGAIN AND SHE CAN NO LONGER HIDE THE TRUTH FROM HER FAMILY. In tears, the 22-year-old woman shared her ordeal with Daily Sun. “Hiding the truth was killing me inside,” she said. She said her parents died when she was still a toddler, and since then she has been living with her grandparents in Tokoza, Ekurhuleni. She said it was her wish to make her family proud of her, and more than anything else she didn’t want to hurt her grandmother. She said her grandfather was like a father to her. “I had so much respect for him. I was grateful to him for raising me,” she said. According to her, she was cleaning the house one morning when he called her to his room and shut the door. “He said I was now a grown woman and it was time we do grown-up things,” she said. “When I refused to sleep with him he pulled out a knife and threatened to kill me. “Since then he has been threatening me, telling me I would die if I told anyone or refused to sleep with him. “He has been raping me for the past three years, twice or three times a month, when there was no one in the house.” The woman’s uncle, who is the madala’s son, said when the woman fell pregnant for the first time they demanded to know who the father was but she refused to tell. “When we asked her, the madala got very angry. He instructed us to never talk about it and just to raise the child,” said the uncle. “I am the only one who looks after the boy financially.” The boy is now a year old. All hell broke loose on Sunday last week when the family discovered she was seven months pregnant. “We couldn’t understand that she was going to have a baby again. She’s always at home and doesn’t have friends,” he said. He said the family pushed her to disclose the name of the father. “In tears and in fear, she revealed it was my father. We’re still shocked. My mother’s been ill since the day we found out.” The madala, described by family and neighbours as rude and strict but respected in the community, took part in community patrols. The police said the 69-year-old man was arrested on Wednesday and faced a charge of rape. On Friday, residents picketed outside the madala’s house in support of the victim. “Now that he’s been arrested, I feel a bit more at ease,” said the young woman. I hope he rots jail,” the young woman told the People’s Paper.