SANGOMAS support the expropriation of land without compensation. The traditional healers from Langa, Cape Town want their land back. They mostly want mountains, rivers and wild spaces. Nothemba Dinga (63) said they are struggling to perform their work because of land issues. “We need more space so we can perform our duties without being disturbed by people playing loud music or other things,” Nothemba said. The sangomas support expropriation of land so they can do their work without any stress. “Our work often requires quiet places but we are living with people who don’t care about us. “It kills our ancestors because they can’t communicate well with you when someone is making a noise right next door,” she said. Sangoma Avumile Tikipeni (34) said the fact that they need permits also disrupts and disturbs their work. He said they are even chased away when they want to work at the sea. “Traditional healers are not free. “People only think about us when they want our votes, forgetting we also need things.” Avumile said when ancestors come to them in their dreams and show them what to do, where to go or which herb is needed and where to find it, it needs to be done very quickly. “They don’t understand the time it takes to get certain permits. If we have to take our time to follow instructions, we won’t find that herb in that place anymore,” she said. The sangomas agree that when they go to the sea to perform rituals they are disturbed and need special places. “We know where we need to go, even though people don’t believe it, but they are not being affected in any way,” Avumile said. Sangoma Masumpa Sigruzana said they would love it if they could use land in the national parks because there are many plants for healing there. “Some of us want to go to the parks because the plants there are very helpful,” Masumpa said. The sangomas also want their special days included on the calendar so people can find out more about traditional healers. “The only way people will get to know and understand more about us is if they recognise our important dates on the calendar,” Masumpa said. The sangomas recognise 27 April as Healers Day, 30-31 August as African Traditional Medicine days, 23 September as the African New Year, 26-28 November as the Spiritual Cultural Festival and 9 December as Healers Aids Awareness Day.