Miss South Africa, Tamaryn Green will this month begin her preparations for the 2018 Miss Universe pageant. Yesterday, the official Miss Universe organization made the announcement that this’s pageant would be held on 16 December in Bangkok, Thailand. Tamaryn, who is both Miss SA and Miss Universe SA, will be holding down the fort for the country. The Paarl (Western Cape)-born beauty queen will be competing for title which is currently held my SA’s Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters. Speaking to the Daily Sun recently, Tamaryn said that all the hard work now begins for her. “Physically, Lesego (her trainer) is gonna come up with a diet and gym routine. In terms of mental preparation and general knowledge, [the Miss SA organization] is gonna help me with that. So it’s all starting this month. But I think the past two months have been training for Miss Universe. I have experienced so much and learned so much about myself so I am definitely preparing every single day,” she said. Tamaryn said that the past two months, since her crowning, have been nothing short of overwhelming, especially the first two weeks of her reign. “The first two weeks, I don’t even remember what I did. I was on talkshows, radio, everything and it was an experience on its own. I enjoyed it but it got a little overwhelming at some point and my emotions were up and down. Now that the schedule has slowed down a little bit and I know that 8-5 I am doing this, I can enjoy it more and actually start thinking about what I wanna do instead of just dealing with media,” she told the People’s Paper. ICYMI: MISS SA MAKES LITTLE GIRLS’ DREAM COME TRUE So what will she wear come 16 December? Tamaryn says although she is yet to pick from the designs that are currently being sketched for, she is a very simple girl who doesn’t want anything dramatic. “Some people love the bling and the tight fitting, which can be amazing but I’m not that type of girl. They are currently busy making designs for me and they’re gonna bring them to me and be like ‘which one do you agree with’,” she said. She also let slip that her Miss Universe gown would be designed by Galluzzi e Gini, who made the dress she was crowned in at Miss SA 2018. 