AFTER the relegation controversy and legal battles, the PSL season is set for a big kick-off this weekend. And there can be no better fixture to start off proceedings than a showdown between Mamelodi Sundowns and sworn rivals, Kaizer Chiefs, who face off at Loftus Versfeld tomorrow (3pm). Just a week ago it looked as though the start of the season would be disrupted after Ajax Cape Town applied to interdict the start of the Premiership, disputing their relegation from the elite league. Yet it is all systems go with the season opener just a few hours away. Fans are hoping that their teams can get off to the best possible start and set the tone for the rest of the campaign, though the opening day doesn’t always deliver the goods. Often, opening day results can be incredibly misleading. Pitso Mosimane is under no illusion that he faces a new challenge and nothing like the 2-1 pre-season friendly win over Amakhosi. “What a fixture!” exclaimed Mosimane. “What a way to start the Premier League. Two big teams, a lot at stake, bragging rights . . . the points. “We are playing at home and looking for a good start. It’s always a difficult game against Chiefs.” Mosimane guided the Brazilians to the second league championship in three seasons, etching his name into the local history books. But he is as driven as ever to defend his league title, as he fine-tunes his juggernaut for the season. “After seven days we should be functioning well as a team,” he added. “We are trying to manage two teams in one – the team that played the Shell Helix Cup and the one that played against Togo-Port. Those two teams should hopefully be ready for the new season. I’m looking forward to it.” Mosimane comes up against Giovanni Solinas, who missed the recent pre-season friendly as his work permit was not yet issued by Home Affairs. The Chiefs coach has not shown his hand yet, though he has tasted the PSL action before during his short spell with Free State Stars. All eyes will be fixed on Khama Billiat when he comes up against his former team, including Hlompho Kekana, who is relishing a duel against the former twinkled-toed teammate. Elsewhere, Orlando Pirates host Highlands Park at Orlando Stadium (8.15pm). The Tembisa-based rookies are back in the big time after a season in the National First Division trenches.