AS EXCITING as it is, pre-season form can be misleading . . . But Mamelodi Sundowns skipper Hlompho Kekana doesn’t have a false sense of superiority on the back of a positive pre-season run. In fact, he predicts a crunch clash between the league champions and Kaizer Chiefs in this weekend’s PSL season-opener – nothing like the recent Shell Helix Ultra Cup friendly. The Brazilians created hype and expectation with their 2-1 win over Amakhosi, and there is huge interest as the two sides prepare to meet again in the keenly-awaited league duel at Loftus Versfeld Stadium on Saturday (3pm). “Yes, pre-season can be deceiving. The 2-1 win was certainly no precursor to the season,” says Kekana. “For us the match was just one of the preparatory matches. It was the same with Chiefs. You could see with the way they played. Come Saturday it will be a different ball game altogether. “But we are looking to start the season on a positive note, not only against Chiefs, but also win against Golden Arrows in the MTN8 Cup and Polokwane City.” Should anything be read into recent results, though? Well, evidence suggests that teams who go on to win the league title generally have unfavourable results in pre-season. For Sundowns, however, it’s been the other way round as they have generally stuttered before they gain momentum. The poor start has accounted for their early exit from the R8 million season-opening tournament. And that, Kekana explains, is the reason the MTN8 trophy is missing from their glittering cabinet. However, they have resolved to do things differently this time and go all the way to the final. Kekana said: “This is the season we want to rectify things we didn’t do well last season. We need to be very consistent in terms of how we start the season. “It’s important that we start very well because we are fully aware of what’s going to happen towards the end of the second round when we will be chasing lots of trophies we want to win. This poor starts don’t sit well with our souls. They tend to put a strain on us for the season.” While many would have preferred to have the epic fixture deeper into the season, Kekana believes it doesn’t matter who they play first or last. “For us is to start with a win. We approach teams with different tactics, but with the same respect and intensity. It’s just for us to apply ourselves very well with every team we face.”