ALL HIS life, God has been the light in his life and the source of all the good that has come his way. But loving pictures have emerged of him laughing and kissing and having fun with a woman who is NOT his wife. PERHAPS GOSPEL STAR THINAH ZUNGU HAS SEEN A DIFFERENT KIND OF LIGHT! The pictures show the 30-year-old married star in a car, with a woman that has been described as his side dish. In the pictures, they’re wearing different clothes and their hairstyles are different – which indicates that the pictures were taken on different days. When the SunTeam spoke to Buhle Nzimane, the woman in the pictures, she dismissed allegations of her alleged affair. “This is all false,” she said. “The man is a celebrity, he takes pictures with everybody.” When the SunTeam asked if it was just pictures of a celebrity with a fan, why were there four different images of them together, she became threatening. “If the story gets published, I will sue the newspaper,” she said. The source told the People’s Paper yesterday the woman was an ex that Zungu dated in the days when he wasn’t famous. “Buhle Nzimane is his slay queen. When they dated back then, Thinah was not on her level. Now that he’s a celebrity, it’s a better fit,” claimed the source. Another source claimed Zungu was always complaining to his celebrity friends about his wife’s bad cooking and how he wanted to leave her. The source claimed because his wife Zama Mtshali was there for him before he became famous, it was difficult for him to do that. The source claimed Zungu always travelled with the side chick to events. “Buhle always posted about her travelling and checking in everywhere she goes with Thinah,” claimed one of the sources. “He spoils her with expensive branded clothing while his wife at home wears cheap clothes. The woman even lives in an apartment paid for by Thinah. “When he has gigs in Joburg, he often sleeps at the apartment. He even pretends to have gigs in Joburg so he can have an excuse to see her,” claimed the source. When contacted by the SunTeam, Zungu’s manager Themba Mthembu asked the reporter why the paper entertains stupid things. “Who doesn’t have an affair?” he said. Later, in a text message he said he couldn’t contact Thinah and said Daily Sun shouldn’t publish the pictures without Thinah’s consent. Numerous attempts to contact Zungu and his wife Zama were unsuccessful.