FORMER deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas says the Gupta's threatened to kill him. Previously Jonas claimed that the Gupta family offered him R600 000 cash and they said R600 million would be given to him later on, if he accepted the finance minister position. This happened before former president Jacob Zuma took an extraordinary step and fired Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015 and appointed Des Van Rooyen as finance minister. Addressing the commission, Jonas said there was no formality when he was removed as deputy Finance Minister. Jonas says he was never formally told that he would be removed as the deputy minister of finance, and he only saw it on TV that he was removed. He mentioned that on 22 October 2015, he received a sms from Duduzane Zuma. According to Jonas the sms read: "Good morning sir, I trust you made it out of the Parliament building unscathed. I tried to call you, please return my call. Kindest regards, Duduzane." The former deputy minister says following that he met with Duduzane Zuma at a hotel in Rosebank. Jonas says when Duduzane arrived at the hotel he looked "nervous" and he told him that his father -former president Jacob Zuma liked him. He mentions that after meeting with Duduzane at the hotel, Duduzane wanted to meet at a more private location. Following that they travelled in a car together to a location which turned out to be the Gupta residence in Saxonwold. Mcebisi said he had never been to that location and it was the first time on that day. According to Jonas Duduzane Zuma and Fana Hlongwane were present in the room and remained silent when one of the Gupta brothers came into the room and spoke to him. Jonas says: "Mr Gupta" said to him "the old man likes you". Following that one of the Gupta brothers told him that Zuma intended firing Nene as finance minister. "You must understand that we are in control of everything, the National Prosecuting Authority, the Hawks, and the National Intelligence Agency,” “The old man will do anything we tell him to do," Jonas says one of the Gupta brothers told him. "He said that the old man intended appointing me (Jonas) as the minister of finance." He added that he was shocked and angered. "At the end of the meeting Mr Gupta repeated that they had information on me, and if I suggested that the meeting had occurred, they would kill me," told the inquiry. Jonas says he told Nene what happened at the Gupta residence, but Nene suggested that he would resign. Mcebisi says he didn’t report the incident to the police, the Hawks or NPA, because those institutions were seriously compromised.