IT MAY be a bit early to call it a new dawn, but Kaizer Chiefs finally seem to be moving on from the past. Tough selection calls and a new approach saw Amakhosi advance to the MTN8 semifinal for the first time in three seasons following a comprehensive 3-0 win against Free State Stars at FNB Stadium at the weekend. It was also the first win in three matches for coach Giovanni Solinas, who got rewarded for the faith he showed in goal-scorer Dumisani Zuma, one of the fringe players given a spot in the starting lineup. Zuma scored the opener while Leo­nardo Castro and Khama Billiat also found the back of the net, all while the old guard of Bernard Parker, Erick Mathoho and Siphiwe Tshabalala watched on from the bench. “We deserved our win. Now we focus on the next game and continue to work hard. The road is still long,” said Solinas. The Italian has emphasised the importance of change, which is what the team and supporters have been crying out for. Yet, as armchair critics would argue, one swallow doesn’t make a summer. And it remains to be seen how Solinas approaches the next match against Baroka FC. Buoyed by the cup win, Amakhosi face Bakgaga looking to finally kickstart their league campaign at Peter Mokaba Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm). This follows two early-season setbacks, the humiliating 3-0 home defeat to Bidvest Wits and opening 1-1 league draw with Mamelodi Sundowns. Those results seemingly were a rude awakening for Solinas, whose appointment has been questioned by some supporters. But does he tamper with a winning formula or does he continue with his bold, new approach? “The display against Stars was brilliant. I’m happy. But I’m not happy with how we lose possession,” Solinas continued. “We need to approach the entire match with the same idea, play attacking football and defend better. Our reaction is a little bit late at times. We need to cut out moves quickly. The guys recognise this tactical aspect. “When we have a normal week, with less travelling we will work on it. “But step by step we are improving. There are no easy opponents in this league. It is tough.” Baroka haven’t enjoyed a great start to the season but recovered from their 1-0 loss to AmaZulu to edge Cape Town City 2-1.