Farmers are happy that government has built them a citrus packhouse. The facility was handed over at Ngqushwa, in the Eastern Cape on Tuesday. The department of rural development and land reform constructed the new facility, which complies with international and domestic food standards. Eastern Cape Rural Development MEC Xolile Nqatha said the government funded the citrus packhouse to be used by three local farmers. The farmers are Zukile Mgadle of Ripplemead farm, Hambile Nyamezeli, owner of the Siyamila citrus farm and Khayalethu Mpahla of Naudeshoek farm. They all produce citrus on farms with the help of the department of rural development. Nqatha said: “The success of these farms is a demonstration that even though the land process has been slow over the years, and has not gone as fast as we would have liked as government, there are success stories. “And this is one of them, confirming that it has not been a total failure.” “This packhouse is one of the examples of black excellence. It shows that you can have commercial farmers who are black and that success can be associated with black people.” The department of rural development invested R55 million in the construction of the state-of-the-art facility with all the required machinery and equipment complying with global food packaging standards. It helps the farmers to pack the fruit without delay. Mgadle, Nyamezeli and Mpahla produce soft citrus, navel oranges, Valencia orange cultivars and lemons on a combined 177 hectares of land, which they package to sell to local markets. They also export high volumes to the European, American, Asian and Middle East markets through the Lona brand. Mgadle said: “We feel great about the new facility. It was long overdue. We were waiting for this as if Jesus was coming. We feel very happy. “In the old structure we had to wait for two weeks for each farmer to pack his fruit and because of that, during the season we could lose between 30 to 40% of the fruit to maturity because of the delays.”