IF there is one Absa Premiership side – apart from Kaizer Chiefs – that can hit the brakes on Orlando Pirates, it has to be Bidvest Wits under head coach Gavin Hunt. Notably, Pirates trounced Wits 4-0 in a game played behind closed doors at Orlando Stadium in their last meeting, but the Clever Boys have always been a force to be reckoned with against Bucs. On Wednesday the two sides will renew their rivalry again in an Absa Premiership clash at Orlando Stadium, the venue of their last meeting. Good news for Wits is that Hunt will be back on the bench after serving his full suspension – returning at just the right time for this all-important Premiership duel. “It is good to be back,” said Hunt after his assistant coach Paul Johnstone led the team in his absence. “Let’s see how this one works out. It’s an away game again and it will obviously not be an easy one. “Pirates are a tough nut to crack but we are looking forward to the game and hope we can get a positive result.” The horrors of the past season still haunt Hunt, who is now out to compete and reclaim the PSL trophy from reigning champions Mamelodi Sundowns. “We just need to compete,” said the no-nonsense coach. “Everything looks good in the team, we just need to be consistent. We will take it one game at a time. “It is also good to start with big teams like these to avoid a recurrence of the last season.” Wits have already scored six goals in two matches this season, overwhelming Chiefs 3-1 in their last league match last week after annihilating Free State Stars 3-0 a fortnight ago. “It’s just two games, you know,” Hunt played down their wins. “Our main objective every season is to win the championship – and nothing has changed. But we cannot talk about winning the title with just three rounds of league matches behind us. Lets see how it goes against Pirates.” In the past season Wits had to fight for dear life to avoid relegation and ultimately finished 13th, one season after winning the league title. But Hunt has the backing of Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane, who reckons the Students will be a different kettle of fish in the 2018-19 season. “Wits have had enough time to rest and are not playing in the MTN8 or African Champions League,” Mosimane explains. “Last season they had to travel a lot and played many games, and it was tiring. Look at Orlando Pirates last season, they had a good season because they rested enough. “As for us, that is just how it is, we just had to manage our players.”