WAYNE Arendse is not a man of many words. But you can hear the optimism in the Mamelodi Sundowns defender’s voice when he talks about the uphill battle they face against Wydad AC Casablanca at the Stade Mahommed V “cauldron” tonight (7pm). In their last visit to Morocco in September, Sundowns played Wydad at the Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium, some 90km from Casablanca, in Rabat. But tonight they go right into the belly of the beast, into the heart of the city of Casablanca to take on Wydad, who are unbeaten in 22 matches, in their Caf Champions League Group C fixture. The Tshwane giants are second in the group with five points, three adrift of Wydad, but equal with third-placed Horoya. Many teams crumble in the intimidating atmosphere in North Africa. But not Arendse, who has seen it all on the continent in recent years. “We didn’t play in Casablanca in the 2017 quarterfinals. This time it will be different in front of their home fans, in their city,” said Arendse. “The stadium will be packed but the pitch will also be good this time around. It will be an interesting game. We are not worried. “We know what it is about. This is the one we have to win. We can’t wait. We are in a different competition and at a different stage.” Without direct flights to Casablanca, Sundowns had to travel via Ghana on Monday, and only had their first training session on Wednesday. But this is nothing new to the 2016 Caf Champions, with their good away record last season proof that they can handle themselves on their travels. Winning against Wydad is not only about the three points for Sundowns, who need to secure their spot in the next round. It is about re-establishing fear in the heart of the opponents and making a statement on the other side of the continent. “We look at Wydad as a team, as a collective and we give respect because they are the Champions League title holders,” Arendse said. “But we have to recognise some weaknesses in their game. “When we won in 2016, we played our own game. We played with flair, freedom and did our thing. When we do that, Sundowns are unstoppable.”