With so many women of colour wearing their crowns as natural as they can, are there those who still chemically straighten their hair? Black women are now embracing their natural hair all over the world and it is so beautiful to see and there are still those that still prefer straitened hair. Through the process of chemically straightening it, it goes through controlled damage and thus requires more care than you would give your natural grown hair. Although all hair should be pampered, relaxed require more special attention due to the processing. HARE ARE WAYS TO MAKE SURE IT REMAINS MAINTAINED. - Get it relaxed by a professional: I know growing up we use to relax our own hair but there are trained personnels who know exactly what to do to your hair and the amount of chemical products to apply to prevent damage. Investing in a stylist is worthy because there is a reason why they are trained and licensed. - Make sure it's not over relaxed: My hair went through so much damage when I was growing up that I can still smell the relaxer just by talking about it and want to cry. I naturally had course thick hair but now all that is gone because to the over-processing my hair went through. It is very important to wait for the recommended touch up times to avoid the damage. - Condition your hair: I started finding out about conditioner later on in life which is why I think it is one of the reasons why my hair fell of so much growing up. Conditioner replaces moisture in your hair that you lost during the relaxing process. Follow each shampoo with a rinse-out conditioner and deep condition two to four times per month, depending on your hair's needs. - Do protective hairstyling : Protective styling is important for maintaining healthy ends, avoiding breakage, and maintaining length. Also “Protective” styling does not mean ugly styling. And just because you’re “hiding” your ends from the big, bad (dry!) world…doesn’t mean you’re personal flair get’s thrown under the rug as well. chignons, updos and braids and wigs are great hairstyles to pull of  and still look fabulous. - Trim your ends: The ends of your hair can become excessively dry if not cared for properly. They're the oldest and most fragile parts of your hair and they need to be treated with extreme care. However, they're not going to last forever and it's better to get rid of split and dry ends sooner rather than later.