NOT everybody can do “ready, steady, cook” like Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic! The Serbian culinary master says he has prepared his very best dish and cannot wait to serve it up to the title-starved Orlando Pirates fans. The Buccaneers kick off their PSL season with an Absa Premiership clash with Highlands Park at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (8.15pm). They are looking for nothing but the best possible start to their season, having shown huge promise last season when they finished second to champions Mamelodi Sundowns in the league. “The pre-season is a kitchen where we have cooked up a meal we shall serve to our supporters from Saturday onwards,” said Micho following Bucs’ morning training session yesterday. “It is the foundation of the house of results and performances we are looking for this season. Our chairman always says we control the happiness index in the country and therefore we cannot leave any stone unturned to be trendsetters in SA football. “We have to squeeze the best out of our players to lift their technical quality, especially in the finishing aspect – an aspect which has not only been a problem for us, but for SA football in general. “Our management has done a tremendous job strengthening the team after we analysed the previous season.” To show how serious Micho is about this season, the Bucs coach has roped in coach Stéphane Adam to serve as a specialist on finishing. Adam is a former player of French sides, Lille and FC Metz. The Serb has also taken his players, including new signings Kudakwashe Mahachi, Brilliant Khuzwayo, Linda Mntambo, Vincent Pule and Ben Motswari, to a pre-season camp in faraway Zambia. He is anticipating a taxing season, which includes strenuous Caf Champions League trips, travelling across the continent. But he is feeling no pressure, looking at the team he has assembled. Instead he is chomping at the bit about returning to the tournament he holds quite dear. “I have to tell you that the element of pressure does not exist,” Micho said. “I’ve been used to pressure for the past 18 years. Once you’ve been in the positions I have been, you lose the sense of pressure. But you energise the sense of responsibility, fully aware that expectations are always high. “We have special commando forces, the kind of players that will fit into our system, will open up defence, help us launch our attack and finish off chances,” he added.