GOLDEN Arrows captain Nkanyiso Mngwengwe says the experience they have at their disposal will help them handle the pressures that come with the new campaign. Abafana Bes’thende won their first match of the season at the weekend, beating neighbours Maritzburg United 2-0 at Harry Gwala Stadium, but Mngwengwe said there’s no cause to be head over heals about it. Said Mngwengwe: “The season has just started and winning the first match is always important. But there’s no need to get overexcited because there are still a lot of games to play. The important thing going forward is to keep our heads straight and focus on the task at hand. The good thing about it is that there are lots of experienced players in the team.” Tonight (7.30pm) Mngwengwe and teammates welcome Bloemfontein Celtic in both teams’ second match of the season at KwaMashu’s Princess Magogo Stadium. Mngwengwe said the experience of Musa Bilankulu, Siyanda Zwane, Lerato Lamola, Danny Phiri and Limbikani Mzava would be vital to keep younger players focused. “The team has lot of young players and they easily get carried away. It is my job to ensure they stay focused. But I’m glad that I won’t have to help them alone. We are united as players and I know my other experienced teammates will be there to lend a hand. We will be focused in our next match and the Maritzburg game is now in the past. Our target now is Celtic and we need to do well,” added Mngwengwe. Last season Arrows had difficulties against Celtic, who also won their first match beating Chippa United by the same margin. Arrows coach Clinton Larsen is expecting a very strong Siwelele. In the last match between the teams, Celtic won 2-1 at home, while their first meeting ended in a stalemate. Said Larsen: “Celtic are always a tough nut to crack. This time around they will be even tougher with their new coach Steve (Komphela). “They will be pumped up and we know we are in it for a tough and rough night. “But we will be ready for whatever they throw at us.”