The management of the South African Police Services (SAPS) in the North West handed 105 medals to police officials, who have served the organisation with loyalty and integrity. The Provincial Commissioner, Lieutenant General Baile Motswenyane was accompanied by her Deputy Provincial Commissioner, Major General Dintletse Molefe and the Mayor of JB Marks Municipality,Khomotso Khumalo. They handed over the South African Police Service Soccer World Cup medals, the 30, 20 and 10 years loyal service medals, the South African Police Service Centenary medal and the South African Police Service Commendation Medal to the recipients. The ceremony which was attended by SAPS members, medal recipients as well as family members who came to support them, was held at Trim Park, Potchefstroom on Wednesday, 1 August 2018. The Provincial Commissioner of North West, Lieutenant General Motswenyane, in her address said that it was indeed a great pleasure for her to be part of the glorious medal parade and congratulated the recipients. “It gives me great joy to be handing over 30, 20, 10 years faithful service and the Centenary medals to well deserving members,” said Lieutenant General Motswenyane. The Provincial Commissioner said further that it was also interesting to indicate that the management was decorating the members in a year in which the country is celebrating 100 years of Nelson Mandela and Albertina Sisulu. Lieutenant General Baile Motswenyane said the medal recipients are members who do not only serve with loyalty, but are prepared to live and abide by the Code of Conduct that they signed when they joined the SAPS. “As the SAPS family, we wish to convey a heartfelt gratitude and sing praises of what our members are doing daily in a bid to realise the Constitutional mandate as well as the Turnaround Vision of creating a safe and secure, crime free environment that is conducive for social and economic stability, supporting a better life for all,” she said. Three members, WO PJ Lambrechts, Sgt BS Browning and Sgt FT Leach received Commendation Medals and a cash reward of R25 000,00. The selfless dedication of the three members from the Police Diving Unit, saved a man’s life. The members were called and responded with no hesitation when a community member and his vehicle were washed away by the flood between Leeudoringstad and Orkney. Through excellent teamwork, the three members rescued the victim from the overflowing water stream and pulled his vehicle out of the water. Regardless of the hitches they encountered while performing their duties, they kept their faith and persevered. They saved the man. The Mayor of JB Marks Municipality, Cllr Khumalo who did the welcome address, also congratulated the members who were receiving the medals. He said the municipality is going to keep on working in partnership with SAPS to fight crime in the JB Marks Municipality. The Mayor said during this year of celebrating the 100 years of Nelson Mandela, police officials must learn from what Mandela lived for. He said Mandela lived to sacrificing, he was disciplined and lived a life of simplicity. He thanked the police officials for sacrificing their lives and protecting the people of the province.