KAIZER Chiefs’ biggest mistake ahead of tonight’s Absa Premiership third round match would be to underestimate Baroka FC’s ability to burst their bubble after a celebratory MTN8 week. Bakgaga head coach Wedson Nyirenda has pledged to give Amakhosi a run for their money when they meet at Polokwane’s Peter Mokaba Stadium on Tuesday night (7.30pm). Chiefs come from a convincing 3-0 win over Free State Stars in the MTN8, where they will face SuperSport United in the cup’s two semifinal legs on 25 August and 1 September. Nyirenda is adamant that Chiefs will not use them as a springboard to record their first league win of the 2018-19 PSL season. Chiefs lost 3-1 to Bidvest Wits last week, three days after their 1-1 draw with Mamelodi Sundowns. If there is one team that could make life difficult for Chiefs it must be Baroka, who have been a hoodoo team for Amakhosi since they got promoted to the elite league. “It’s going to be a tough game,” said the Zambian coach. “Baroka go into this match as underdogs. On paper we look like the smaller team but in reality we can cause an upset. “They shouldn’t make the mistake of looking down on us, as we are capable of pulling off a surprise win. We go into this clash to fight for the three points.”Nyirenda played for Chiefs in the 1990s and says he knows Amakhosi’s culture very well.“I am aware of the pressure of playing for and against Chiefs. I know what is expected of each player.“I had great time at Chiefs but I am now Wedson Nyirenda, coach of Baroka. I want to do well with this team in the PSL.”Baroka head into this match on the back of a 1-0 win against Benni McCarthy’s Cape Town City FC in their last league game.Giovani Solinas’ Amakhosi would be aiming to continue their winning momentum in honour of Joseph Molangoane, who is lying in a hospital bed after he suffered a potentially career-ending tackle at the weekend that saw him admitted with a fracture.Siphelele Ntshangase has been cleared to face his former club Baroka after he took a knock to the ankle at the weekend, while goalkeeper Virgil Vries finished the game with a strapped knee “after a slip when he pulled off one of the saves” will be out for two weeks.It is unclear whether Itumeleng Khune will be back for this Premiership encounter after being given time off at the weekend ostensibly due to the terrible accident his girlfriend, Sbahle Mpisane, has suffered.But there are other players like Khama Billiat, Dumisani Zulu and Leonardo Castro, who will be out to impress as usual.The last time Chiefs faced Baroka in a league clash at Peter Mokaba, Amakhosi won the match 2-1 with Castro netting the winner.But Nyirenda promised Baroka fans that they would witness a different Bakgaga altogether.