Kaizer Chiefs are currently enduring their worst start to a league campaign in a decade, as they have now gone four Absa Premiership matches without a victory. Chiefs equaled their 2006-07 worst start to a league campaign when they played to a goalless draw with Maritzburg United on Friday. In 2006-07 they drew to SuperSport United, Thanda Royal Zulu, Jomo Cosmos and Ajax Cape Town at the beginning of that campaign. Amakhosi kicked off their 2018-19 league campaign with a convincing 1-1 with Mamelodi Sundowns, things went from bad to worse when they were thumped 3-1 by Bidvest Wits and drew two matches against Baroka FC 1-1 and 0-0 against Maritzburg United. This is also Chiefs second-worst league start since the formation of the Premier Soccer League in the 1996-97 campaign. During 2009-10 season Amakhosi also endured a tough stint‚ as they managed just a single point in three matches when they drew with Santos (0-0) and suffered two 1-0 defeats to SuperSport United and Bidvest Wits. However, new coach Giovanni Solinas did manage to get his first victory as head coach when they defeated Free State Stars 3-0 in the MTN8, though his first league win continues to elude him. For the team struggles in the league so far coach Solinas has blamed a hectic schedule that will see his side play five games in 15 days including their 3-0 win over Free State Stars in the MTN8 quarterfinals last weekend. "These fixtures and this calendar are for robots‚ not human beings‚" Solinas told reporters after their draw against Baroka. He added: "It’s not possible to play every two days and travel. There is no time to recover and no time for training. It’s a big problem, but this is a schedule we have to accept and we will try to give our best to get results." After a draw with Maritzburg, Amakhosi are sitting 11th on the Absa Premiership table. Their next fixture they host Bloemfontein Celtic on 29 August which will be followed by a tough away trip to Cape Town City after the Fifa break.  