LOCAL boxing promoters have accused Boxing South Africa (BSA) of not treating all its licensees fairly and as equals. The outcry from the fistic community came after SA boxing’s regulatory body allowed the Nelson Mandela legacy tournament to take place without purse monies having been paid. The showpiece was staged by Ayanda Matiti of Xaba Boxing Promotions and Events in East London. The act stipulates that the money must be deposited with the BSA before the day of the fight. But the national boxing body has adopted a rule that the money must be deposited 14 days before the fight date. In the past, promoters who did not pay the money on time saw their shows cancelled. They therefore expect this to apply to everyone across the board. Mzoli Tempi of Lizani Boxing Promotions is one of the promoters who think some boxing licensees are treated better than others. He says he committed the same offence and paid dearly for it. He did not deposit the money on time and his tournament was cancelled on the day of the weigh-in. His much talked about event, scheduled for May last year, was set to feature popular Mzansi fighter, Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni. “Seemingly with BSA there is no fairness or equality. I neglected to deposit the money before the 14-day deadline and the tournament was cancelled on weigh-in day. “It’s clear that there would not be any financial gain for them with my event, so they cancelled it,” he said. “With the East London tournament it is alleged that the promoter paid a deposit for the tournament – since when does BSA accept deposits,” Tempi asked. According to reports the Eastern Cape Promoters Association has written to BSA asking why the Mandela legacy tournament was allowed to go ahead, despite purse monies not being paid as per the rules. BSA chairman Dr Peter Ngatane has confirmed on national radio that the body made an exception for Friday’s tournament, to save the country from embarrassment. BSA CEO Tsholofelo Lejake was not available for comment by the time of going to print, as his phone rang unanswered.