A THRILLING romance came crashing to an end when the
bride-to-be stumbled across a fact about her fiancé that horrified her: he
loved to watch porn! Claire Dalton (21) and her unnamed fiancé had been dating
for four years and engaged for six months. Their grand wedding, with 300 guests
already invited, was to be held in just a week’s time. Last week Claire Dalton (21) posted a long, heartfelt
message on ‘Love What Matters’ Facebook page about why she dramatically ditched
her husband-to-be at that moment, now a year ago. “I’m THAT girl that spent 6 months with a ring on her
finger,” she wrote. “That girl that planned an entire wedding, only to find out
a week prior it was all a lie.” The “lie” she had uncovered was on his cellphone: a porn
site he had visited just hours before, and “multiple windows open of sick and
twisted ideas of what women supposedly look like”. Claire was shattered. “I felt sick to my stomach. “The coldest thing I’ve ever witnessed in my entire life
is the lying eyes of the man I love, gazing deep into my soul as multiple lies
rolled from his lips. “He knew it was all a lie, but for some reason, he could
look at the woman he claimed to love so dearly straight in her eyes, and lie to
her face.” Her ex finally admitted that he was a porn addict, but
Claire – who is a devout member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints (Mormons) – could not forgive him. In another post she wrote: “Pornography addiction does
not just affect you. Pornography addiction affects the people around you, and
it’s only so long before the truth is going to come out. “There are hundreds of statistics on how harmful
pornography is on the brain, relationships, and the world. “There is nothing natural or healthy about indulging in
pornography. To say that ‘all men look at porn’ is to say that all men care
more about self-gratification and sexual desire than they do about their wives,
daughters, sons, and the other people they love in their life.” Not all of the comments under her posts were sympathetic,
with many damning Claire for being so judgemental and unforgiving.