STUART Baxter wants to seal Bafana Bafana’s qualification for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) before the team gets on the plane to Seychelles in October. Qualifying with two games to spare would allow the Bafana coach an opportunity to rotate his squad for the remaining games and aid his endeavour to expand his pool of players. Baxter announced a 22-man squad yesterday for the upcoming qualifier against Libya at Moses Mabhida Stadium on 8 September. The squad includes four youngsters. Although he acknowledged the threat posed by Libya, the Scot sounded highly confident of securing SA a spot in Caf’s most prestigious tournament next June. “In terms of qualification I will be happy to qualify for Afcon. When that comes it will be a welcomed guest,” said Baxter. “We want to wrap it up quickly because if we do that, it’ll give us a great opportunity to then rotate the players and gain some international experience.” But in the same breath, Baxter appeared to ease early expectations, explaining that the qualification mission may not be completed by the time they fly to Seychelles for the away match. “If that (qualifying) has to wait, it has to wait. I think we have to have the mentality again that we are not spoiled by qualification,” he said. “The Libya game is a massive game for us. So I’ll process this one first. If we can get this one out of the way and wrap it up quickly, it’ll be a good opportunity for us.” Victory in Durban would move Bafana to the top of Group D with six points, and victory over the group minnows, Seychelles, would ensure they are in a better position by the time they travel to Libya and later when hosting Nigeria. Baxter has again called on the experience of Itumeleng Khune, who should continue as captain, Thulani Hlatshwayo, Dean Furman and Sifiso Hlanti, along with youngsters Teboho Mokoena of SuperSport United and the PSL’s Best Young Player Siphesihle Ndlovu. He has also included overseas-based Percy Tau, Keagan Dolly, Lebo Mothiba, Bongani Zungu and Kamohelo Mokotjo. But failure to secure a routine friendly match after the qualifier meant Baxter could not call up a bigger squad. His focus is entirely on Libya: “I got some intelligence on Libya. I’ve seen them give Senegal a scare. On paper they are not one of the best on the planet. But they are a strong team.” Bafana will assemble in camp in Joburg on Sunday and travel to Durban on Monday to prepare for the top-of-the-table clash.