You can be able to tell what is wrong in your body by the spot of your pimples with face mapping. Basically, pimples form when there occurs a build-up of dead skin cells combined with oil and bacteria inside the pores, which lead to the blemishes that we know as spots or pimples. Doctors charge huge monies to examine your skin and give you insight into your overall health, but you can save yourself some time and cash.  Use face mapping to know what your skin may be trying to tell you. Face mapping is the ability to see the reflection of the body's organs on each part of the face by observing the face's complexion such as luster, dullness, and color and breakouts as well as the tongue and face expression.  1. FOREHEAD - Might mean: gallbladder and liver issues Pimples here are usually linked to the digestive system, and may indicate that you’re having a hard time breaking down certain foods. 2. BETWEEN THE BROWS - Might mean: repressing emotions in your liver Possible cause—too much alcohol. If you find pimples here after a night out where you consumed a few drinks, that may be your issue. 3. CHEEKS - Might mean: slow metabolism, low absorption of nutrients, lung issues Allergies that affect the respiratory system may also be to blame, or if you pressed your cell phone against your skin while talking, germs may have been transferred to your face 4. CHIN - Might mean: Hormonal imbalance Did these show up around that time of the month? Chin pimples often come around because of changes in your hormones. In the days before your period, try to pay extra attention to your skin care. Consider eating foods that help regulate our natural hormonal cycles. Also be sure you’re not resting your chin in your hands when bored or tired, as this can transfer oils from your fingers onto your chin, which can cause pimples. 5. NOSE - Might mean: blood and heart issues The nose is closely related to your circulatory system, so if you find yourself breakout out there, it might indicate a blood pressure issue. Up the amounts of essential fatty acids in your diet (avocado, flax, olive oil), and avoid alcohol, coffee and spicy foods. 8. LOWER LIPMight mean: intestines, digestionsYour lower lip can provide key insights into the functioning of your intestines. Browns spots can mean you may be suffering from indigestion and poor enzyme function, as well as a possibility of parasites or worms in the lower intestine. Adding more probiotics to your diet may help.Pale lips are often the first sign of anemic onset, so increase your intake of leafy greens and other iron-rich foods. If you’re noticing a distinct bluish tinge on your lips, it may indicate poor oxygen absorption — possibly even a heart condition — and if you’re experiencing breathlessness that goes with it, you definitely want to follow up with your doctor. Finally, discoloration on the lower lip could indicate a possible disorder in the intestines, while discolorations on the edges of your lips may indicate a kidney issue.