The Sunday World newspaper says it stands by claims made in its story titled: "Hawks pounce on Bonang as SARS zooms in on taxes." According to the article published on Sunday, the popular TV personality was summonsed to appear in the Johannesburg Specialised Commercial Crime Court last week for tax fraud. Following reports both the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) and Bonang Matheba's PR team denied all allegations made by Sunday World. READ: BONANG CLAIMS R10M IN DAMAGES FROM PUBLICATION! NPA spokesperson Phindi Mjonondwane told Channel24 on Sunday that Bonang did not appear in court and that there is no official tax fraud case on the roll against her as it stands. Channel24 learnt on the following Tuesday that Bonang will be taking legal action against the newspaper for "damages done to her good name and character." Bonang is demanding R10m in damages from the publication. SEE THE TWEET FEATURING THE FRONT PAGE HERE: On Wednesday Sunday World released a follow-up article, saying: "We stand by the report and the comment by National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) spokesperson Phindi Louw-Mjonondwane, who firmly confirmed the matter to us."According to Sunday World a fraud docket with a case number that the publication "has seen" has been registered at the Johannesburg Central Station against Bonang Dorothy Matheba.The article goes on to say: "Sunday World relied on our triple sourcing method to test these allegations and two court officials quoted in our article confirmed the case to us."  The article further quotes an additional source, saying: "A police officer from the intelligence unit, collaborated that a case of fraud was being investigated by the Commercial Crime Investigations Unit and was indeed registered at the Johannesburg Central Station." Adding: "Further to our facts being questioned, Mjonondwane clarified the statement from the NPA."Speaking to Channel24 Davin Phillips the executive director of Celebrity Services Africa, who represent Bonang, said: "The information in the article is factually incorrect. Ms. Matheba never appeared in court and has not been contacted by the NPA."Attempts to attain additional comment from The NPA's Phindi Mjonondwane have been unsuccessful, but this article will be updated should she reply to our requests.Channel24 reached out to Sunday World editor Mapula Nkosi several times via e-mail, telephone, and WhatsApp for comment but did not receive any feedback. *The article was updated to correct a misquote by Davin Phillips the executive director of Celebrity Services Africa. ALSO READ: 'GO F*** YOURSELF’ – BONANG TELLS CRITIC! SOURCE: THE JUICE 