THAMSANQA Gabuza was the center of attention when Orlando Pirates recorded their second victory of the season defeating Black Leopards 2-1 at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Tuesday night. Orlando Pirates came to this encounter against Lidoda Duvha under immense pressure as they needed to restore their pride after failing to get maximum points in their last three outings in all competitions (two league games and they were also knocked out in the quarterfinals of MTN8 competition). Scoring from open play has been a problem for the Soweto giants this season, although Milutin Sredojevic kept faith starting the match with Gabuza leading the frontline. Gabuza, however, did not cover himself in glory in the opening 15 minutes as he squandered two big chances in the box, much to the frustration of the supporters. The visitors eventually got the breakthrough on 33 minutes as Gabuza's cross from the left flank was deflected into the back of the net by Leopards' Thivhavhudzi Ndou. What happened next left many shocked, as Gabuza celebrated the goal by taking his top off and throwing into the crow before walking down the tunnel. Pirates had to play the remaining 13 minutes with ten men as Gabuza did not return to the field of play. Gabuza didn't appear for the start of the second half, but eventually made his way back to the bench aided by coaching staff with ice strapped to his upper leg. The referee immediately stopped play and marched over to the player before issuing two yellow cards for his actions (taking off his shirt and another leaving the field without permission) and a subsequent red. Gabuza emerged from the change room in the 50th minute with his thigh heavily strapped, but he was sent off by the referee after receiving two yellow card, one for Despite being a man down, the Buccaneers doubled their lead in the 65th minute as some slack defending by Leopards allowed Vincent Pule to volley past Muleka from 12-yards out. Leopards reduced the deficit on 70 minutes, with Joseph Mhlongo finding the back of the net with a stunning left-footed volley from the top of the box. With the hosts pushing for an equaliser, the Buccaneers threw on defender Diamond Thopola for Pule as they looked to shut up shop for the remaining 10 minutes. In the end, Pirates saw out the remaining minutes of the second stanza to claim their second win of the Absa Premiership season.