AS we are into Women’s Month, women’s health is being highlighted. And Novartis urges all South Africans to raise the awareness, prevent and treat diseases suffered by women. Dr Nicola Lister, medical director of Novartis Southern Africa, said Women’s Month should do more than recognise contributions made by women in the struggle for liberation. “Let’s raise the awareness on health issues affecting women. Women need to make health a top priority.” While there is shared knowledge about diseases such as HIV/Aids and breast cancer, there are other health risks facing women. “Awareness, screening and early diagnosis are important in the early treatment of diseases and improved outcomes.” Non-communicable diseases: These include cardiovascular diseases like heart attacks, strokes, cancers, diabetes and respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma.  In South Africa, six out of 10 deaths are as a result of non-communicable disease. Cardiovascular diseases: Cardiovascular or heart diseases are the largest killers of women worldwide and the number is growing. Estimates show that by 2030 the number of yearly deaths caused by heart diseases will rise from 17,1 million to 23,6 million. But misconceptions about heart diseases being a male problem mean that fewer women take the threat seriously. Hypertension: High-blood pressure or hypertension is a common heart disease risk factor. Gestational hypertension – or pregnancy-induced hypertension – is high-blood pressure caused by pregnancy. Cancer: Women have nearly the same incidence of cancer as men – about 3 million women die of cancer each year. Breast and lung cancers are the most common causes of cancer deaths in women, followed by colorectal, cervical and stomach cancer. Diabetes: There were an estimated 143 million women with diabetes in 2010. By 2030, this number is expected to rise to 222 million. One form of diabetes, gestational diabetes, is a glucose intolerance developed during pregnancy and occurs in one in 25 pregnancies. Diabetes is the ninth leading cause of death in women globally – about 2,1 million women die from diabetes each year. Tuberculosis (TB): While TB affects more men than women, an estimated 35 million women worldwide contracted TB in 2015. TB has severe consequences for women, particularly in their reproductive years. TB among pregnant women increases the risk of low birthweight babies and infant deaths. A special form of TB infection, genital TB, raises the infertility risk. Other risks: Other leading health risks for women include sexually transmitted infections and bacterial vaginosis. Sexual infections and vaginosis are common worldwide vaginal health problems.