BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic players won’t allow the termination of their win bonuses to affect their performance. Celtic boss Max Tshabalala dropped a bombshell on Wednesday when he told the players they would no longer get bonuses, as the club is strapped for cash. The club has been struggling financially since last season, which saw former coach Veselin Jelusic resign at the end of the campaign as allegations of unpaid salaries surfaced. The tough situation led Tshabalala to slap a “for sale” sign on the club before beef sponsor Sparta came to their rescue. The players did not get their salaries on time either, which resulted in strikes. However, they are hoping for a better season this time around and have vowed to focus on their job, not on matters off the pitch. A player who asked to remain anonymous told SunSport they would try not to pay attention to bonus issues in order to do well. “The bonuses are not really a concern because it does not mean we won’t get paid at all. We will still get our monthly salaries, we should appreciate that. This is our job, we have to do our best on the field all the time. Times are tough,” said the player. Siwelele, who will be led by new coach Steve Komphela, start the Absa Premiership season with a clash against Chippa United at Dr Molemela Stadium on Sunday (3pm). The player added that the relegation of Platinum Stars via the play-offs last season made them realise they could follow suit if they allowed off-field drama to distract them. “Last season we started well, reaching the Telkom Knockout final. As the season progressed there were problems, we dropped points. We need to put aside off-the-field issues and fight for the badge,” added the player. Another Celtic senior player, Patrick Tignyemb, refused to comment when asked whether cutting bonuses would have a negative impact on their performances. He said: “New season, new beginnings. It will be important for us to start well against Chippa. We have recovered from everything that happened towards the end of last season. Now we’re focused on being better than last season – without any drama.”