IT SEEMS Bonginkosi Ntuli will not be staying at Mamelodi Sundowns after all. SunSport has learned that Ntuli is close to signing with former club AmaZulu and the deal could be finalised today. The striker was seen at King Zwelithini Stadium on Sunday when Usuthu beat Free State Stars 2-1 to maintain their unbeaten run at home this season. According to a source close to the player, he is in Durban to finalise his switch to AmaZulu after it was clear that he is not part of Downs coach Pitso Mosimane’s plans. Said the source: “I spoke to him at the stadium on Sunday and he told me that he was there to meet with Ama­Zulu on Tuesday (today). He is close to signing with them and is certain that everything will be finalised on Tuesday.” In June, Ntuli’s manager Mandla Mthembu told SunSport that the former Golden Arrows forward was prepared to stay at Downs and fight for his place. But he has yet to feature in any of the Brazilians’ matches this season both in the league and Caf Champions League. Now it looks like the striker has realised that he has no future at Downs and the AmaZulu deal offers him a way out. Usuthu have been admirers of the Pietermaritzburg-born striker since before he was loaned out to relegated Platinum Stars last season. Before last season started, Usuthu coach Cavin Johnson voiced his desire to have Ntuli in his team, but the striker opted to return to Dikwena on loan. Now it seems as if Johnson’s wish will finally be granted this season. Team manager Qedi Dlamini has, however, denied the news that they are close to signing the 27-year-old. “Yes, we like him but right now there is no deal between us and his side. We can’t talk much about this since he is still contracted to the other team. “But make no mistake, we do admire him,” said Dlamini. Ntuli left Abafana Bes’thende to join the Brazilians in the 2014-15 season and that move turned out to be the worst in his career. Before he had even kicked a ball in Chloorkop, he was already loaned out to AmaZulu in January 2015. He had barely returned to Sundowns after that season on loan before he was shipped out again to Platinum Stars on loan in the following season, where he remained until their relegation.