SIX unidentified bodies are decomposing at a state mortuary in the Eastern Cape. Five of the bodies have been unclaimed for three years. According to police, some of them were found in Swartkops River near Motherwell kasi in Port Elizabeth. It’s believed they died from drowning. Police spokesman Captain Andre Beetge told Daily Sun the decomposing body of the sixth man was found last month in the river close to the Swartkops Yacht Club. “The man is estimated to be about 60 years old. He was wearing a light blue shirt, a pair of blue jeans, and a blue jacket,” said Beetge. “The post mortem report indicated death from drowning. Anyone who can assist in identifying the body should contact Warrant Officer Mzameni Bobi on 073 086 3801.” Beetge said five more bodies had not been unidentified since being found between 2015 and last year. He said the body of a 22-year-old man was found in December in the river close to the Swartkops bridge. He was in his underpants and a post mortem report indicated drowning as a cause of death. “In December last year, the body of a 65-year-old man was found in the river at Amsterdam Hoek,” said Beetge. “He was found wearing a black hoodie, a pair of black pants and red takkies.” He said another body of a 35-year-old man was found in August last year, washed up at Bluewater Bay Beach. He was wearing khaki shorts, a blue T-shirt and white takkies. “In November 2015, the decomposing body of a 40-year-old man was found in the bushes close to UniTrans on Old Grahamstown Road. He was wearing navy blue trousers, a navy jersey and white takkies. “The autopsy report was unable to determine the cause of death due to the advanced stage of decomposition. “In September 2015, the decomposing body of a 50-year-old man was found in the river close to the Redhouse Boat Club. “He was wearing a brown jersey, grey trousers and black shoes.” Anyone with information that could assist the cops in identifying these men should contact Constable Sikhumbuzo Lawula on 083 875 5088.