Stadium Management South Africa (SMSA) are ready to welcome Bafana Bafana to FNB Stadium for two of their upcoming 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifying matches. SMSA has acquired the commercial rights of both matches and will be promoting the events as rights owner and partner to the South African Football Association (SAFA). Coach Stuart Baxter's charges will face Seychelles on 13 October while they welcome African giants Nigeria on 17 November. Both matches are now confirmed to take place at the iconic FNB Stadium with kick-off at 3pm. In support of the team, SMSA has created supporter packages to ease the costs of attending the matches, offering spectators discounted prices if tickets are bought for both matches at the same time.Tickets will go on sale at Computicket from Wednesday, 19 September and will also be available from Money Market counters of all Shoprite, Checkers and Checkers Hyper stores nationally.Football fans are encouraged to get their tickets ahead of the match and come to FNB Stadium to support South Africa in these next two fixtures that will prove crucial to their AFCON 2019 campaign.“It is always a pleasure to welcome Bafana Bafana to the spiritual home of African football,” Stadium Management SA CEO, Dr. Jacques Grobbelaar said.“We are here to support the team in their AFCON 2019 qualifiers and working together with SAFA and our other stakeholders to provide an excellent experience for the spectators.“Ticket packages have been created specifically with the spectator in mind allowing them to experience both matches at reduced costs if they buy the tickets together.  “We know that economic factors influence attendance and have done all that we could to keep the ticket prices accessible for all. Come enjoy FNB Stadium and support our national team as they make their bid for AFCON 2019.”SAFA General Manager in Football Business, Russell Paul said, “We are very excited to have Bafana Bafana play these two AFCON 2019 qualifiers at FNB Stadium.“The matches are significant and important in the team’s qualification campaign.“We’d like to encourage the public to attend the matches, working with SMSA we have created packages that make getting to both matches possible”.No parking tickets will be required for either match, but match tickets must be purchased prior as no tickets will be available for sale at FNB Stadium on or before match day. Supporters are encouraged to get up-to-date information regarding the match and road closures from:TICKET PRICESBafana Bafana vs Seychelles (13 October)Level 1- General Admission R40 or R10 if admission is bought for the Nigeria Fixture as wellSuite Holders Admission R346 and/or R0 if the Nigeria Fixture is booked as wellCorporate Hospitality R1500.00 excluding VAT or R1073.00 excluding VAT. if the Nigeria Fixture is booked as well.Bafana Bafana vs Nigeria (17 November)Level 1 - General Admission R60.00Level 2 – Reserved Seating Admission R120.00Level 5 – General Admission R60.00Corporate Hospitality R2146.00 excluding VAT.