 IT WAS an emotional day for the family members and work colleagues of the three fallen heroes. Mourners cried uncontrollably as wreaths were laid outside the building where the firefighters died. IT WAS ALSO A TIME TO TALK ABOUT THE CONDITIONS THAT TURNED THEIR WORK INTO A DANGEROUS FIGHT FOR SURVIVAL. “Our job is dangerous,” said Muzikayise Zwane from the Central Fire Station in Joburg. He was speaking on behalf of the firefighters at the packed Ellis Park Arena in Joburg. “Government killed our brothers. The building was only 21% compliant. Nothing is right in Joburg,” Zwane said, responding to allegations that the firefighters weren’t fit. “We didn’t expect to go into a building with no water and fight off the fire with our bare, burning hands,” he said. “There was nothing we could do in a building that had no water.” Zwane said the fire at the Bank of Lisbon moved from the upper floors down to the lower floors. “Usually fire goes up, not down and that is why our colleagues were trapped,” he said. A representative for the firefighters, Simphiwe Sibiya, said they had fought many fires alongside the fallen heroes. “We worked very well together. We will always miss them,” he said. He said they were proud of their work. “We love what we do. We have dedicated ourselves to it,” he said. Speaker after speaker spoke about the dangerous work. They said they wanted their own minister who would be responsible for them and listen to them. They also want a danger allowance of R4 000. Zwelinzima Vavi said they were gunning for officials who did nothing to improve conditions in the building. “You knew the building was not compliant but still you sent them into it. We will not let their death be in vain. “We will sue you so that you learn your lesson,” he said. He said it was a shame that a city like Joburg has only seven fire engines. Simphiwe Mario will be laid to rest on Friday in Daveyton, Ekurhuleni. Khathutshelo Muedi will be buried in Lwamondo, Limpopo and Mduduzi Ndlovu on Sunday in Dannhauser, KZN. 