BAFANA BAFANA goalkeeper Ronwen Willians has given his full support to their new interim coach, Lee Baxter, who will be working with him, Itumeleng Khune and Darren Keet. Lee, son of head coach Stuart Baxter, joined Bafana in camp in KwaMashu, KZN, on Monday after the withdrawal of Andre Arendse due to personal commitments. Bafana host Libya in an Africa Cup of Nations qualifier at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Williams said their interim goalkeeper coach was the best thing to have happened to the team and they are certain to benefit a lot from him. The favourite SuperSport United goalie revealed that it was actually he and Kaizer Chiefs’ Khune who recommended Baxter’s son to their head coach as replacement for Arendse. Said Williams: “Itu and I have worked with him at club level before. I can say we played a role in having him come here. We recommended him. “He is the best coach I have worked with so far in my career. I enjoyed my time with him and have always said I wanted to work with him again. He made me a better keeper and it’s an honour to work with him again. This will also be good for Darren, who hasn’t worked with him before.” Lee joined Chiefs from SuperSport, where his father was also a coach previously. Williams was speaking before their second training session at Princess Magogo Stadium yesterday. He made his Bafana debut in a friendly against Brazil in March 2014, where they were humiliated 5-0 by the Samba Kings. The shot-stopper believes he has grown as a player since then and would embrace the chance if he gets to play against Libya on Saturday. He said: “I know people will judge me on that first match against Brazil. But I’m ready. I believe I am a better goalkeeper than I was back them. Mentally I’m stronger and working with Lee will also help me gain more confidence.” In this match people will be expecting nothing less than three points from Bafana, with the players also aware that nothing less than maximum points could spell disaster. He added: “We want to put the disappointment of not qualifying last year behind us by making sure that we qualify this time. We have to win this one. It’s our home game and we want to start on a positive note. “We have an idea what to expect from them (Libya). The coach told us that he has seen few videos of them – in one they pressed high and in the other they opted to sit back. So we’ll take it as it comes. “The most important thing is to focus on ourselves. We really need to ensure we win all our home games to qualify.”