BAFANA BAFANA legend Sibusiso “Rhee” Zuma paid tribute to retiring footballer Siyabonga “Bhele” Nomvethe. The AmaZulu striker announced he was hanging up his boots at the end of the season after a successful career of more than two decades in top-flight division. Nomvethe (40) and Zuma (43), burst onto the football scene in 1997 for African Wanderers. In 2012 at the age of 34 years, Nomvethe scooped for awards in the colours of Moroka Swallows. He took the golden boot award for scoring 20 goals including the PSL Footballer of the Year Award that season. The former Kaizer Chiefs star represented Bafana Bafana on 81 occasions, scoring 16 goals. He also played for Soweto giants Orlando Pirates locally. Abroad, the talented striker represented Udinese and Empoli in the Italian Serie A and Djurgarden of Sweden and Aalborg BK of Denmark. Zuma, who is a close friend to the footballer, said Nomvethe made his top five list of great footballers he has played with around the world. Zuma said: “I don’t have fitting words to describe how great he is. “He’s a legend and my plea to the South African Football Association and AmaZulu is that they must honour him while he is still alive. “He served SA football with distinction. I’m happy for him and his family.” Zuma said he had been regularly talking to Nomvethe for more than 16 years and had told him he’d like to venture into coaching when the time for him to leave the game is right. Zuma said: “Every time he talks to me he talks about coaching.  It’s an honour to have played with him locally and in Europe. “We’ve been close for 16 years. He’s like my younger brother.” Zuma said Nomvethe’s passion for the game was second to none. He said he’s not a party animal and took good care of himself. Zuma reminisced: “I remember one night I phoned him and his wife answered the phone and told me he was out, joking. We fought many battles together.” Zuma’s message to his friend: spend quality time with family and take it easy. “You must take a bow,” he said.