ZINHLE CLAIMS she is traditionally married to Pastor Simon and she has a wedding ring and a lawyer’s letter to prove it. That’s why she raced across the country to stop the pastor’s white wedding . . . but all in vain. THE MAN SHE CALLS HUSBAND IS HAPPILY MARRIED TO ANOTHER WOMAN. Zinhle Galada (54) said she got married to pastor Simon Galada (52) of the Wesleyan Church in a customary ceremony in Mthatha, Eastern Cape in 2011. But the pastor dismisses her as a “desperate lying rural woman” while she calls him a “deceiver in the name of God”. Zinhle claims Galada wanted to get married in Mthatha to a woman Zinhle knows from her home town. She said the two fled when Zinhle would not agree to sharing her husband with another women. Zinhle said she doesn’t have photos of the customary marriage but the headman of Tyumbu Village, Onele Ngcingane, confirmed that the wedding took place in the village. “Only a few family members were invited,” said Onele. Kholisile Mabanga from NZ Mtshabe Attorneys told Daily Sun that Zinhle and Wesleyan Church pastor Simon Galada tied the knot traditionally. In a letter the lawyer said: “Our client was married and is still married to Reverend Simon Galada by customary marriage.” The letter said the marriage was declared valid in November 2011 at the Tyumbu administrative area of Mthatha, in the presence of all the family members of Reverend Galada. “Our client was given the marriage name of Zintle and was officially dressed by Nojongile Matiwane, who is the aunt of Reverend Galada.” Tyumbu is the pastor’s home village and that is where the ceremony was held. Zinhle is originally from Queenstown, where she met the pastor during a funeral in 2009. Zinhle said her husband is a pastor with branches of his church in the Free State. “He was often away from home. “I was shocked when someone showed me the Facebook photo of my husband getting engaged to another woman,” she said. She said she made a plan to go to Bloemfontein to confront him and she was shocked to hear he was getting married on Saturday. “I was not allowed in the church. “How can my husband do that to me? He’s a deceiver in the name of God,” she said. Speaking from his home in phase 6 kasi, Mangaung, pastor Galada said: “She said she loved me but I was never interested. She has been my church member and tried to entice me.” He said he doesn’t believe in polygamy. “She is lying. I only have one wife that I married on Saturday. I don’t know why she is chasing after me.” Daily Sun told the pastor that Zinhle’s lawyers had confirmed the marriage. He said: “My lawyers have advised me not to comment further on the matter.” Zinhle says she is going to save more money and continue to use attorneys to fight the case in court. 