KAIZER Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas has promised to put a smile back on the faces of their trophy-starved fans by reaching the MTN8 final. But first they must deal with Kaitano Tembo’s SuperSport United in their Wafa Wafa semifinal second leg showdown at FNB Stadium tomorrow (8.15pm). The two teams played to an exhilarating 2-2 draw in the first leg at Atteridgeville’s Lucas Moripe Stadium last weekend. Although Amakhosi are used to reaching domestic cup finals, they have not been able to bag any silverware in the last three years under previous coach Steve Komphela. This will be an interesting clash considering that Tembo has set his sights on winning the trophy for the first time as head coach. They are quite capable of scoring but Amakhosi have yet to win a match in the 2018-19 season following their 2-2 draw with unbeaten Bloemfontein Celtic at the Calabash venue midweek. Amakhosi are in unfamiliar 13th position with four points from five matches, while Celtic, under ex-Chiefs mentor Komphela, are second with 10 points. Solinas says he has no time to cry over spilt milk as he prepares his charges for the cup showdown. He said: “I’ve just come from the dressing-room, you can see players are sad and affected (by results). They’ve lost confidence. Now we need a reaction because on Saturday we have a very important game. We need to show character and personality. This is not the time to go down – never give up. “We need to get to the final because we are Kaizer Chiefs.” He admits Chiefs must be ruthless to win the league title. “The position we are in is not good for Chiefs because we are fighting to win the league title. We need to improve in the standings by winning our games.”If they are to overcome SuperSport, Solinas will need to reshuffle his central defensive pairing of Siyabonga Ngezana and Daniel Cardoso that was easily breached by Celtic’s Menzi Masuku and Ndumiso Mabena.“In every game we’ve made mistakes that have costed us. We need to analyse the game, fix them, it’s not individual faults but the collective.”Tembo said getting an early goal would be crucial to reach the final and defend their trophy. A goalless draw is not an option for SuperSport, as Chiefs have scored two away goals.“Chiefs are an attacking team but we need to score at FNB. There is no two ways about it. I hope we will get those opportunities to try and get an early goal, then we are back in business.”Amakhosi will pin their hopes on the scoring prowess of striker Khama Billiat, while SuperSport will rely heavily on the experience of Bradley Grobler to upset the Soweto giants. 