Mzansi DJ, record producer and Gqom music pioneer DJ Tira has a keen eye for talent and has helped unearth a lot of it in the past. The Afrotainment Kingpin has helped catapult the likes of Big Nuz, DJ C’ndo, DJ Fisherman, Disturuction Boyz and others into stardom. He has now found another talent in Winnie Khumalo’s daughter, Rethabile Khumalo that he will be hoping to take to greater heights. DJ Tira announced the signing of the 22 year old on social media. “Afrotainment believes in growing the SA music industry,” DJ Tira wrote on his Instagram account, “Since 2005 we have release countless albums and launched many artists’ careers. “Some of whom now have their own record labels, Afrotainment has recently welcomed new talent which has kept the fire burning. “It is with great pleasure to announce another addition to the Afrotainment family, from Soweto, Johannesburg, Rethabile Khumalo.” Rethabile is a former Idols contestant, she entered the competition twice without much luck on either occasion. However, her determination and talent has landed her on the books of one of the biggest record labels in the country. She will be looking to pave the way to a successful career with the release of her single titled Nomathemba on the 14th of September. Afrotainment believes in growing the SA music industry. Since 2005 we have release countless albums and launched many artists’ careers. Some of whom now have their own record labels. Afrotainment has recently welcomed new talent which has kept the fire burning at Afrotainment. Driven by love of what we do, we continue to make South Africa and the world dance. It is with great pleasure to announce another addition to the Afrotainment family, from Soweto, Johannesburg. RETHABILE (@Rethabile.Khumalo95). Her single officially drops on the 14th of September titled NOMATHEMBA. Oh by the way, it is Rethabile’s birthday today so Happy Birthday Afro elihle may you enjoy today. We cant wait to make beautiful music with you #Nomathemba A post shared by  djtira (@djtira) on Sep 9, 2018 at 3:03am PDT  