MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has admitted that his charges have not been playing the fancy football the club is known for so far this season and asked supporters to be patient with his team. He says he understands that the fans are used to seeing the team get back-to-back wins and score goals week in and week out, but explains he is building a new team this season. Said Mosimane: “There has been a lot of changes in the team in recent weeks. I know we are not playing that free-flowing, fancy football that most people are used to. I ask the supporters to be a little patient with us, we are building a new team and I promise them that in time we will get better.” Mosimane, who refused to comment on the pending assault case that was opened against him by AmaZulu head of security Nathi Ngwenya last Sunday, spoke to SunSport after his side’s 1-0 victory over Golden Arrows at Princess Magogo Stadium on Wednesday. New signing from Maritzburg United Lebohang Maboe got the winning goal for Downs, scoring his second for the season. During his five-day stay in Durban Mosimane managed to walk away with four points out of a possible six in two matches. Downs drew their encounter with Usuthu 3-3 on Sunday. That match saw another two of his new signings, Phakamani Mahlambi and Toni Silva, register their names on the score sheet. Mosimane also urged club supporters to be patient with his new-look front line and said it must not be compared to well-oiled machines Khama Billiat, Keagan Dolly, Percy Tau and Leonardo Castro. His new front line features Mahlambi, Maboe, Silva and Ali Meza. He said: “They are still a work in progress. In time they will get it right. Look, when they started out, even Billiat, Tau and Dolly were not as good as they are now. I had to work hard on them to get the best out of them. Phaka (Mahlambi) is 20 and turns 21 soon. He still has about three years to catch up to Percy. Percy was 20 when he joined us and three years later he became one of the best in country. “What makes me happy about my new front line is that they are scoring. Although they have not yet gelled like their predecessors, they deliver. So I ask our supporters to also be patient with them.” Downs’ next match is against Bloemfontein Celtic away on 3 October.