SUPERSPORT UNITED are finalising their proposed move to the Sinaba Stadium in Daveyton, Ekurhuleni. The City of Tshwane and Matsatsantsa a Pitori have failed to reach an agreement to move the club to a smaller venue or renovating another venue in the capital. Matsatsantsa have accused the City of Tshwane of neglecting them, while other municipalities such as Limpopo and Mpumalanga were prepared to pay the big money to get them to play at their stadiums. According to United’s CEO Stan Matthews, it costs the club R100 000 to stage a game at the Lucas Moripe Stadium – a venue with a capacity of 30 000. Matsatsantsa will only play 10 matches at the venue this year as their relationship with the City has been strained.They wanted to move to the Caledonian Stadium, which holds 5 000 capacity, but the on-going legal battle between the City and Arcadia Shepherds, has halted the proceedings. Sinaba Stadium is in the heart of Daveyton, and caters for a 6 000-strong crowd. Said Matthews: “Why should we fight at Atteridgeville for 4 000 fans, instead of going to Daveyton to change lives? “If it means that, we’ll go to Daveyton to make a difference to schools and community so be it. We’re considering moving there. “Mbombela and Polokwane are prepared to pay us big to play or move there. I’m opening talks with other smaller stadiums and Sinaba is one of them. We lose money every time we play at Lucas Moripe and make money when we play at Mbombela Stadium,” he said. Matthews also explained his frustration with the City of Tshwane. “We took our derby against Mamelodi Sundowns to Polokwane a few seasons ago to send a statement to the City of Tshwane that we needed support from them. “We’ve won 10 trophies in Tshwane, but don’t have a training venue. “Our teams (academies and juniors) are training in four different venues, but the City doesn’t care. The professional club in Tshwane is a squatter without a base and playing in a 30 000-seater. Why don’t they lease Caledonian Stadium to us?” Matsatsantsa say their request has fallen on deaf ears for the past five years. Matthews said he spoke to four different mayors and four city managers during that period, without any progress.