AYANDA Patosi spoiled Orlando Pirates cellebrations last night when he scored twice in the second half to help Cape Town City hold Bucs to a 2-2 draw in an Absa Premiership match played at Orlando Stadium. Patosi broke the hearts of Bucs fans who had already settled for three points after Zambian international striker Augustine Mulenga and defender Innocent Maela had given their side a cushion in the fi rst half. The 25 year-old haunted Bucs when he pulled one back with a volley in the 69th minute and grabbed the equaliser with a curling free kick to ensure his side take a point home. This was Patosi’ fourth goal in four games he has played against Pirates. Bucs are now two points behind leaders Bidvest Wits and second placed Bloemfontein Celtic on 11 points from seven outings Pirates were hoping for their third successive victory having beaten Black Leopards 2-1 and hammered SuperSport United 3-1 at the same venue at the weekend. Bucs coach Micho Sredojevic made one change to his starting line-up that beat Matsatsantsa a Pitori as he gave midfielder Thembinkosi Lorch the nod ahead of Linda Mntambo who was on the bench. The Citizens played without head coach Benni McCarthy as his wife was reported to have been admitted in hospital with a collapsed lung. His assistant Vasili Manousakis was in charge during his absence. Manousakis made seven changes to the side that suffered a humiliating 4-1 defeat to Bucs rival Kaizer Chiefs in their backyard at the weekend. The draw has boosted their confidence ahead of the MTN8 Cup final against SuperSport scheduled for Durban’s Moses Mabhida next Saturday. Although, City beat Pirates twice in the league and Nedbank Cup last season, they had never scored at Orlando let alone win a game away this season. The visitors looked traumatised in the first half as they defended deep in their own half as they also missed the presence of veteran midfielder Teko Modise who was also dropped in the squad. Pirates players took their foot off the pedal and got punished for it .