THERE are as many theories as to why rape is so out of control in Mzansi, but that’s not the most concerning issue on the mind of a rape victim. A leading HIV/Aids NGO, Right to Care, has asked raped men and women to report the crime to the police first and then access healthcare services as soon as possible afterwards. Right to Care spokeswoman Palesa Khambi said: “While most acts of sexual violence are committed by men against women, men are also raped, and when they are they usually also suffer unnecessary ridicule and humiliation from their peers and the community regarding their sexuality.” The consequences of rape are severe as it risks exposure to sexually transmitted infections such as HIV/Aids. Men and women also have to face stigma about their sexuality or sexual behaviour. Women also risk pregnancy. “If you have been sexually assaulted, it’s important that you keep your clothes and don’t wash – these contain vital evidence. The failure of police to behave appropriately is why most rapes are unreported. Rape is a crime. It was not your fault. If you did not agree or consent to the event, it’s sexual assault. It does not matter what you were wearing, how you were acting, what drugs you took or drank, or if the act was violent or not, you’re a victim of a crime. Even if the cops tell you to get lost, keep you waiting or even get hostile, you must insist on them getting the crime reported. If they refuse to take you seriously or insult you, it’s important not to get angry. It’s wise if you or people with you can record the activity on your phones. IF you are the victim of a sex crime, you must: - Get to a safe place immediately. - Tell a person or people you know and trust – you need their support. - Go to the police and report the sex crime. The police have no authority to tell you if or when you can or can not lay a charge of rape or sexual assault. - If the police at the front desk are unco-operative, ask to speak to the station commander. - You can report the rape at any police station but the investigation starts sooner if it’s reported at a station closer to the place of the rape. - If you are worried that about your rapist or rapists attacking you to keep you quiet, ask that the rapist or rapists not be allowed bail. - Write down the case number, names and numbers of the police in charge of your case. You can take a photo of the charge sheet. - Go to the nearest hospital, clinic or Thuthuzela Care Centre immediately but no later than 72 hours. Don’t eat or drink until you see a doctor. Ask for post-exposure STI and pregnancy prophylaxis.