AS the old football adage goes, it is not how you start but how you finish. One is reminded of this dictum as Bafana Bafana prepare to tackle Libya in their 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Durban on Saturday. Only a crystal ball gazer can accurately predict the outcome of a match devoid of history (this is the first ever match between South Africa and Libya). South Africa got their qualifier campaign off to an ideal start, recording a famous 2-0 victory over Nigeria in Uyo over a year ago. But that memorable triumph could well be all they celebrate at the end of their campaign, if they don’t pick up any point against Libya. In fact, defeat to the Mediterranean Knights will deal a blow to their hopes of making it to the Afcon jamboree, an event they rarely attend. Only the two top teams in each group qualify for the finals in the new expanded competition. Barring a catastrophe, Nigeria should bag the full points against Seychelles in the other group E fixture at Linité Stadium in Victoria, also today. Such eventualities would put Bafana equal on three points with the Super Eagles, thus leaving Stuart Baxter’s men with the unenviable task of winning at all costs, henceforth. Yes, Bafana will be expected to see off the distinctly average Seychelles in back-to-back qualifier games in October, before they host Nigeria in November. But the Super Eagles will also dispatch of Seychelles while Libya should complete the demolition job, following their comprehensive 5-1 win over the Islanders in the first leg. Based on the pragmatic evidence of Bafana’s lamentable qualifying campaign, it would be inadvisable to undermine Seychelles. Many haven’t forgotten about their shock defeats to Cape Verde in the 2018 World Cup qualifiers. Bafana have a history, if not a tendency, of messing up qualifier campaigns. And this explains the widespread apathy towards the team. The fans have “fallen out of love” with Bafana, whose once pre-eminence position in the national psyche has since been overtaken by other national interests. It is therefore vital that Baxter’s troops win today and have their destiny firmly in their own hands throughout the campaign  and not the calculators. Else, their qualifying chances could be left hanging precariously on the precipice by the time they go to Libya for their last qualifier match in March. It is how they finish that matters.