Rephethile Kgwale suffered from bipolar disorder for many years. “I was too scared to tell anyone about it,” said the 27-year-old woman from Dainfern in Joburg. Instead of going away as she’d hoped, it became worse. The past three years turned into hell as Rephethile was forced in and out of hospital. But instead of being a sentence, her bipolar diagnosis turned out to be a relief. It gives her a starting point to rebuild her life. “My doctor told me that I can live a normal life with regular medication and therapy.” Her condition means she has to take eight pills at different times of the day for the rest of her life. Rephethile is positive about her future. She said: “I want to start a family. I have lived independently for a year now. I needed to prove to myself that can look after myself. “I love children but I dared not have my own because of my condition. I could not look after a child when I wasn’t able to look after myself.” Bipolar disorder is a mechanical problem with the brain’s ability to regulate neurotransmitters. Neurotransmitters are the chemicals that cause or change thinking, emotions and behaviour. The chemicals flow in and out of the brain like traffic in a city. When the traffic lights are all working, everything runs mostly smoothly but like Joburg in the rainy season, if too many of the traffic lights in the bipolar brain break down, the different neurotransmitters can’t move where they should and this leads to problems. For the bipolar sufferer, this means that they swing between extreme moods. They are full of excitement and activity one day, then down and depressed the next. Rarely does the bipolar sufferer find her or himself in a calm place between mood swings. Sadly, Rephethile knows first hand the stigma her disorder carries in Mzansi. This is why she has created Matters of the Brain. It’s a platform to eliminate social prejudices against mental health. “Mental health doesn’t care if you are young or old, rich or poor, black or white. “I realised I was different when I was a child. I isolated myself from others. I became aggressive and a bully. “My mum used to say to me you are quite different from all my children.” Rephethile started Matters of the Brain to raise awareness of mental health as serious physical issues. For more information, email rephethile@mattersofthebrain.co.za