SUPERSPORT UNITED have big plans for veteran stars Morgan Gould and Reneilwe “Yeye” Letsholonyane. The pair are close to retirement, but have no reason to worry about what they will do after they hang up their boots. Letsholonyane (36) and Gould (35) will be given coaching roles at Matsatsantsa a Pitori as part of their reward for being model professionals at the Tshwane giants. Things didn’t work out well for fallen star Mandla Masango, who was released from his contract by the three times Premiership champions due to poor performance. Yeye and Gould were showered with praise by CEO Stan Matthews, who promised that the Tshwane giants would take care of them beyond retirement. Matsatsantsa host newly promoted Black Leopards at Lucas Moripe Stadium, in Atteridgeville, today (3pm). Gould and Yeye, who joined the Tshwane giants from Kaizer Chiefs, are expected to play important roles in that match. Matthews said: “When you talk about model professionals, you’re talking about Yeye and Gould. “The pair are disciplined and can impart their knowledge to the youngsters in the club when they hang up their boots. “There are youngsters who look up to them in the club and we want to invest in them beyond their playing years.” Matthews said the club would not go to the market to replace the pair. He also emphasised that they won’t be used like they did when they were still younger in the field this season. Matthews said: “We don’t want to pay big money for their replacements we have lined up a couple youngsters to replace them in the team already. “Why waste money if you can groom and nature capable replacements? “Yeye and Gould know they’re not young anymore. They’re also willing to help youngsters and also prepare them for the big stage.” Matthews also revealed Matsatsantsa were targeting the top four finish in the league this season. Winning their home match will help them reach that objective. Last season, he was upset when Polokwane City, who were outplayed by Matsatsantsa, rescued a point in a 1-1 draw within virtually the last kick of the game. Matthews added: “If we are going to throw away points like we did against Polokwane City, we won’t reach our targets. “We have to win our home matches to stay on track.”