ON A day of drama in Venda, with scenes that seemed more fitting for a reality show on TV, Black Leopards boss David Thidiela allegedly hurled insults and knelt down in front of a car, apparently ready to be knocked down. The respected businessman was heard angrily threatening renowned Fifa referee Victor Hlungwani in Thohoyandou on Sunday. In an audio clip that has been trending on social media, Thidiela at one stage apparently warns Hlungwani “you come here (Venda) at your own risk”. Continued the angry Thidiela after their 1-0 Absa Premiership loss to Bloemfontein Celtic: “Don’t, Hlungwani, don’t . . . “I am the boss here and I am paying you. I can only allow a mistake to happen on the ground. But this is not a mistake on the ground. I am giving you a last warning. I am tired. “I say this in front of the media: You’re from Giyani. Is this Shangaan? How many penalties there? Three weeks ago it was the same. Hlungwani, we can do without you. I am asking please, my brother, don’t come here again.” He could also be heard telling Hlungwani’s assistants that he didn’t have a problem with them. Thidiela added: “Hlungwani, wherever I am playing, don’t come. I’ll write a letter to the league and it’ll go to Safa. I’ll talk to Danny Jordaan. Don’t push me!” Speaking to SunSport on Monday, the somewhat sombre Thidiela confirmed he would submit a protest to the league about Hlungwani’s decisions. “He’s killed me again – twice,” he said with reference to their 2-2 draw with Chippa United officiated by Hlungwani on 18 August.“I will open a case with Safa via the PSL. I was in tears and knelt on the ground in a white suit, that is how badly I was hurt by Hlungwani’s decisions. What does he want from me?“Even in the NFD he punished us like this. It is high time we sort this out.”He argues that Hlungwani denied them a “legitimate” penalty and that Tshegofatso Mabasa’s solitary goal was scored from an off-side position.Hlungwani referred all enquiries to Safa and the league on Monday.Meanwhile, Leopards coach Joel “Mporofita” Masutha has called on their fans to remain calm. He says he does not comment on referees.“I’m disappointed by the result,” he said.