TALENTED South African wheelchair tennis superstar, Kgothatso “KG” Montjane, will get to her training sessions and tournaments in style from now on. The athlete was stunned yesterday when she was presented with a fiery Audi Q2, sponsored by Audi Polokwane. She couldn’t stop thanking the car dealership for its generosity. The 32-year-old Limpopo-born star returned from the United States on Tuesday after her defeat to champion and world No 2 Yui Kamiji of Japan in the US Open semifinal. Montjane became only the second SA tennis player to reach this Grand Slam after Lucas Sithole played in the semifinal in 2013. In July, Montjane also became the first black woman in the country to compete in the Wimbledon semifinals. “I would like to thank Audi Polokwane for sponsoring me with this beautiful car,” she said. “I can promise Audi that they will not regret this decision. I will represent them proudly and continue working hard to make the whole country proud. I want to thank everyone who made this possible. I will keep giving only my best on the tennis court.” Her mother Margret Montjane was also pleased with her hardworking daughter’s achievement and Audi Polokwane’s gift to her. “This is such a great day in my life. I thank God for my daughter and for helping her achieve her dreams,” said Margret. “I don’t know what to say to Audi and everyone who have helped my daughter. All I can say is thank you and may God be with all of you who play such a big role in my daughter’s life.” She added:” I knew from an early age that my daughter would be a champion. She never wanted to be treated differently just because she is in a wheelchair. She was always doing things for herself. “When she was hungry she would go and get food for herself. I am very proud of her.” Thembinkosi Pantsi, Audi Polokwane’s general manager, said the dealership decided to sponsor Montjane because she was such an inspiration to many young kids and women around the country. “KG’s story has inspired us big time, looking at her humbling beginning in sport and academics. She is very disciplined and professional, and we are confident that we will have a wonderful relationship with her,” he said