SHE adored her hardworking hubby and dad of their two
kids and trusted him utterly. But then a Father’s Day card from a child she’d never
heard of ripped her happiness apart. A woman who just calls herself Belinda wrote a
heartbreaking account of shock and betrayal at the hands of her former husband,
Eddie on www.whimn.com.au. After meeting on a dating app six years ago, Eddie and
Belinda were happily married within a year. Soon their twin girls were born. Eddie’s job for an oil and gas company meant he was away
from home for eight days and then home again for six. For a long time the
arrangement worked. “It was almost like having a holiday romance with my own
husband. We were always happy to see each other, and we didn’t sweat the small
stuff. We hardly ever argued because we were just so happy to be together,”
wrote Belinda. Then one night when Eddie was away, Belinda was looking around
their house for something to read. She opened a novel lying on Eddie’s bedside table. Tucked
inside she found a Father’s Day card with the words written by a kid: “To
Daddy, happy Father's Day, love from Nate.” She wasn’t sure why this card from an unknown kid made
her feel so anxious, but it did. Four days later when Nate returned home, she asked him
after dinner: “Who’s Nate?”. Belinda writes: “At that moment I knew my life was about
to turn upside down. “Eddie’s face crumbled as he confessed to the whole sorry
mess, and it was even worse than I thought. “The most horrible idea I’d been able to come up with was
that he had had an affair and was hiding a love child from me, but it was much
worse than that. “It turned out I was the affair.” Eddie walked out of Belinda’s shattered reality to be
with his other wife Natasha, who he’d had a relationship with for the past 10
years. Belinda slowly picked up the remains of her and her twins
lives, but she had one more task before she was finished with Eddie. “I found Natasha on Facebook and I sent her a picture of
me and the girls just so she understood exactly what sort of man she was living
with. “She left Eddie and now, as far as I know, he’s all alone.
Hopefully he’s found some time to have a long think about the lives he’s messed
up,” wrote Belinda.