WILL Justin Shonga be able to replicate his outstanding international form for Orlando Pirates this weekend? Bucs coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic and his faithful are certainly hoping so as the Absa Premiership swings back into action following the international break. Micho hopes Shonga will continue where he left off for Zambia when Bucs tackle SuperSport United in a tricky fixture at Orlando Stadium on Saturday (8.15pm). The 21-year-old hitman earned Chipolopolo a crucial point in their 1-1 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier draw against Namibia, and followed that up with a match-winning goal in the 1-0 friendly win against Gabon this week. Shonga will be expected to deliver the goods for Bucs, having only scored once in five league matches this season. With Thamsanqa Gabuza suspended after his meltdown at Peter Mokaba Stadium, Shonga could be set for his fourth start this season. “Before the break we drew up a programme to bridge the gap during the absence of our important players on national duty in order to do comprehensive preparation during the Fifa break,” said Micho. “We have addressed all areas of concern that were giving us problems during the month of August and we believe that the amount of work we have done will be reflected in our upcoming matches. “I’m happy with the form displayed by the international players Vincent Pule, Justin Shonga, Augustine Mulenga, Kudakwashe Mahachi and Marshall Munetsi. Shonga did well for Zambia. He will do well for us.” The Buccaneers come up against the team that knocked them out of the MTN8 Cup and Micho knows exactly what is in store for his charges. “As is always the case when we play our Matsatsantsa brothers, we expect a thrilling match where small details will determine the outcome,” he said. “They have fantastic individuals who can be dangerous when they have the ball. We want to play our own game, relentlessly try to break through their defence with the belief that football will repay us with the desired result.”