FREE State Stars coach Luc Eymael has warned his players to change their attitude to ensure Ea Lla Koto turn their fortunes around. The Belgian mentor was not happy that players like Bangaly Keita let him down, which led to Stars losing 2-0 to Kaizer Chiefs at Goble Park on Tuesday. Ea Lla Koto are struggling to repeat the form that saw them lift the Nedbank Cup last season and finish the Absa Premiership race in sixth spot. They have won only one league game in six outings so far, losing four and drawing one. The Bethlehem side is second bottom with four points. Only two points separate Stars from basement side Maritzburg United. Said Eymael: “It’s painful. I am not happy with the attitude of guys who are not honest. “I was not happy with the attitude of Keita. He went to see a physiotherapist as he had a tight hamstring. I called Keita to check if he was alright and he said ‘coach, I am able to play’. “But after 40 minutes he went down. I asked if he was okay. At half-time I had to substitute him and bring on another player, who showed commitment.” Added Eymael: “Most of the boys tried to fight, they were brave. We created five chances, including one just outside and one inside the box. We made two mistakes due to positioning. I was disappointed because we worked on it and fixed it the day before the game.” Eymael revealed that management were also disappointed that some players were dragging their legs on the pitch. He went on: “The boss came into the change-room after the game because he was not happy with what was happening. “He knows I am a hard worker – we fought from the first to the last minute.” Eymael hopes to fix mistakes that allowed Gustavo Paez and Philani Zulu to score the goals that gave Amakhosi their second league win. Stars will aim to restore their pride when they face Highlands Park in a league match at the same venue on Saturday (8.15pm). “We created six chances inside the box in the second half and failed to convert them. “We will work on it today.”