The Zulu royal family is in mourning following the death of King Goodwill Zwelithini's son Prince Butho Zulu. Prince Butho, who is the son of Zwelithini's second wife Queen Buhle kaMathe, died after he succumbed to a long illness. "He was still in the prime of his life. Understandably, this tragedy has devastated the royal family," Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi said in a statement on Friday. Buthelezi, who spent a greater part of Thursday with the royal family, has also announced the postponement of King Shaka Day celebrations that were scheduled to take place on Sunday. "Out of respect for the royal family, it was agreed that the celebrations will be moved to Saturday 29 September, to allow the family space to grieve," Buthelezi said. Once the royal family has been given time to grieve, an announcement related to the Ingonyama Trust will be made "so that his majesty, the king, can inform the nation of developments since our first imbizo of 4 July 2018". 'Our hearts are bleeding' The founder of the IFP has called on the nation to keep the royal family in its prayers during this difficult period. "On behalf of the Zulu nation, we ask that you keep his majesty and the family in your prayers as they walk through this painful valley of loss. "We also ask that you publicise the new date of the King Shaka Day celebrations as widely as possible, so that this necessary postponement will not hinder a successful celebration," Buthelezi concluded. Condolences continued to pour in for the late prince. MEC for health in KwaZulu-Natal Sibongiseni Dhlomo has conveyed his condolences to the Zulu royal household. "Our hearts are bleeding. I got the fright of my life when Prince Nhlanganiso Zulu called and informed me about passing away of his brother. We pray that the Lord Almighty extends His hand upon our father and leader, his majesty the king, and the entire royal household, and comforts them during this difficult period," Dhlomo said. Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Minister Zweli Mkhize has also extended his condolences to the royal family. "The pain of losing a child is immeasurable. We extend our deepest condolences to Isilo and the royal family and wish them strength during this painful period of losing a child who still had so many years of his life ahead of him. Prince Butho touched many lives and was much loved due to his humble and respectful nature. Sithi phumula ngokuthula zinyane leMbube (Rest in peace lion cub)," Mkhize said in a statement on Friday. The funeral is expected to take place on Sunday at Dlamahlahla Palace and the prince will be laid to rest in the royal cemetery in Mahashini. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/king-zwelithinis-son-dies-king-shaka-day-celebrations-postponed-20180921