ONE of South Africa’s shining diamonds, Amajita coach Thabo Senong, has completed a Diploma in Master Coaching from the Johan Cruyff Institute in Netherlands. The institute’s learning programmes have been designed by sport industry professionals and are enriched by personal experiences from faculty and students. Senong, who is also Bafana Bafana assistant coach, took some time off from the bench to focus on his course. SunSport caught up with him and this is what he had to say: Question: What prompted you to seek additional qualification and follow this course? Why the need and what does it entail? Answer: If you look at the constant evolution in football, it is essential for us coaches to equip ourselves to provide solutions for our players and improve our teams. I felt a need to go study in the Netherlands because it is one of the best countries in coaching education. I admire Johan Cruyff’s work in coaching because he developed a playing style for Barcelona. The course deals with the essentials of coaching, such as leadership and psychology in coaching, and developing your coaching style. Q: Is the Diploma in Master Coaching the only coaching qualification you have attained? A:  I currently hold a Safa Level 3 professional coaching licence, Caf A licence, Fifa youth coaching licence, KNVB coaching badge and the WFA football periodisation qualifications. Q: What was the duration of this course – and is it worth it? A:  The duration of the course was seven months, divided into three weekly blocks, with personal coaching sessions in between and some practical coaching portfolio with the Under-20 national team (Amajita). The course helped me perfect my coaching style in relation to my coaching environment and the natural talents of players at my disposal. Q: Please tell us more about the course, the modules and the standard of education in the Netherlands? A:  The course empowers coaches to address the complexities of their coaching styles, man-management and psychology. There are modules such as media training; psychology in coaching; developing your coaching style; performance under pressure; team dynamics; cultural differences; and leadership in coaching. Current young trainers in Netherlands and other European countries’ coaches enrol for the Master Coaching Diploma at the institute upon completion of their KNVB /Uefa badges in order to fulfil the academic sense of what a coach needs in today’s coaching. Q: Who motivated you and is there anybody that you looked up to for inspiration? A:  Cruyff is my biggest inspiration. He is brave and innovative. He redesigned the Ajax and Barcelona playing philosophies, he believed in positional play, dominating possession and total football. His knowledge drew disciples like Pep Guardiola and Frank Rijkaard. I’m also naturally brave and courageous, I’m always exploring tactical innovations at Amajita to give us the edge. Q: What was an important lesson during the course? A:  The interesting takeaway was the fact that top coaches in Europe have personal coaches for mentorship purposes. You look at Pep, he used to consult Cruyff a lot. Currently Pep spends time with Marcelo Bielsa and Arrigo Sacchi for mentorship purposes. As coaches, we also need to be coached sometimes. Q: As the SA U-20 head coach, how do you see this qualification help in improving the standard of national teams? A:  The course will help me analyse my coaching environment better and monitor my coaching style effectively to give my players more independence and responsibilities to initiate tactical tasks in games. Q: You’ve been hailed as one of the better local coaches to achieve success with our national teams. How does that make you feel? A:  I’m humbled by the compliment. I can only thank the Amajita players for the respect they have shown me as a coach. I also thank the coaching staff – I am who I am because of their hard work. Q: There is a big vacuum with regard to development at home. Can we improve on that with Vision 2022 in mind? A:  We don’t nurture natural talent. If you look at most amateur clubs and academies, their training and coaching are centred around the team, when they should actually focus on the individual. I have just spent a week at Club Brugge in Belgium. They have two skills trainers supporting each coach in every age group. The role of these trainers is to improve the specifics of the individual in relation to their positional demands. Q: Will any African country win the World Cup soon with the standard of coaching on the continent? A:  The previous four World Cup champions are all European countries. Their approach to talent development is different. They focus on training players’ cognitive skills (problem-solving skills). Africans and Americans spend more time developing technical and physical skills. Asians follow Europe in also developing cognitive skills. Football is a cognitive game, a problem-solving game, because players are expected to make the right choices during the game. European countries will keep dominating World Cup events because of their passion for developing cognitive skills. We Africans and Americans spend too much time on physical and technical skills. Q: Giovanni Infantino (Fifa president) shared your sentiments about Europe dominating world football, so what must Africa do to be able to challenge European domination on the world stage? A:  African coaches should focus on improving players’ cognitive skills to complement their natural physical and technical skills. European scouts are importing African talent due to their physical and technical attributes – all they have to do is improve their cognitive skills – and this is why many Africans excel at European clubs and yet fail to replicate the same success in Africa. Q: Amajita have a number of big tournaments coming up soon, what can we expect from this highly qualified coach of ours? A:  My role at Amajita is to fast-track talent for the Olympic team and Bafana Bafana by giving young players international experience. I don’t promise to win all games but you can always expect professionalism and a clear playing identity from Amajita. Q: Surely you’re been harbouring ambitions of becoming head coach of Bafana Bafana when the time is right? A:  It’s a massive task. It requires an experienced international coach. Maybe I still need to coach another country to develop further as international coach before I become Bafana Bafana coach.