Trevor Noah’s 13-part series, Trevor Noah Presents NationWild is now officially available for streaming on Showmax. The series focuses on Mzansi’s most promising, up and coming comedians and introduces the audience to their work and who they really are off stage. Each episode features a short introduction by the great Trevor himself, who is also the host of the show. It then goes into an interview segment with the featured comedian, affording them the opportunity to talk about their road to success. Each comedian will then perform a comedy set, naturally. “I’m really excited for Mzansi audiences to discover their new favourite comedians,” said Trevor in a statement. All 13 of the comedians that are featured on the series were individually hand-picked by Trevor Noah. Viewers can look forward to seeing 2018 Comics’ Choice Next Level winner Phil de Lange and Best Newcomer winner Tsitsi Chiumya; 2018 Comics’ Choice nominees Bongani Dube, Eric Jansen, Gilli Apter and Lindy Johnson; 2017 Best Intermediate nominees Noko Moswete and Mo Mothebe; and 2016 Comics’ Choice Breakthrough Comic Award winner Virgil Prins (aka Prins), as well as rising stars Gavin Kelly, Keenan Cerff, Kraai Du Toit and Mbu Msongwela. Most of these young comedians pay homage to Jason Goliath of The Goliath Comedy Club for the work he has done is jump-starting a lot of careers. One such comedian, is Virgil Prins who holds a BCom Law and management degree. Virgil moved to Johannesburg from the Eastern Cape with no money and no job, only with the hope of becoming a big-name comedian. He was so destitute that he almost moved back home when Jason called him and hooked him up with a job at a call center that allowed him to pay his rent while getting his comedy career off the ground. The show is officially available on Showmax for streaming right now. Showmax is an internet TV service that allows viewers to stream thousands of TV shows, series and documentaries for a monthly subscription. The subscription is free for all DStv premium subscribers. Check out the Trevor Noah Presents NationWild trailer below:  