SOUTH Africa’s national cricket governing body Cricket SA (CSA) has opened its register for applications from local and overseas players interested in participating in the inaugural SA T20 League. The opening edition of the league will run in the last quarter of the year. The teams will assemble on 9 November and the tournament runs until the grand final on 16 December. A foreign overseas player is defined as a player who holds only a non-South African passport and who is not eligible, under International Cricket Council (ICC) regulations, to play for South Africa. He must either be a current or former international player who has played international cricket in the past 18 months or has a high profile with a proven track record in domestic T20 tournaments around the world. A “returning Kolpak” player is defined as a player who is eligible to play for SA under ICC eligibility rules but has declared his intention not to play for SA and has registered Kolpak status in another country. But for the sake of clarity, a returning Kolpak player will, for the purpose of the league, be classified as an overseas player. A South African player is one who is eligible and available to play for South Africa and is also currently contracted either at national, franchise or senior provincial level in Mzansi. Players should be available from 9 November until 17 December, said CSA. Interested players will need to register by going to the CSA website www.cricket.co.za and following the relevant SA T20 League registration link to access the registration process. Foreign overseas players need to submit a copy of their passport or similar identification to register. Player applications will then be vetted. and those accepted will be notified to complete and submit an Agreement to Enter the Draft (AED) via the same link, which will in effect be a binding agreement to enter the Draft. The closing date for players to register is 2 October. The Player Draft will take place on 17 October. The CSA Board has unanimously approved the following rules and regulations for the competition: Said CSA chief executive Thabang Moroe: “We will be seeking to secure the services of foreign and South African marquee players who were recruited for the previous league on two-year contracts. In addition, subject to our international commitments, all the contracted Proteas players are expected to participate in most of the league. “Any unavailability of Proteas only affects the first few days of the league when the team is involved in the limited overs tour to Australia, which finishes on 17 November.”