REJUVENATED Orlando Pirates will face an acid test tonight (7.30pm) when they tackle wounded Cape Town City FC in an Absa Premiership match at Orlando Stadium. Pirates captain Happy Jele says they are eager to maintain their good run that saw them register two successive league victories. Bucs beat PSL rookies Black Leopards 2-1, followed by an incredible 3-1 win to end SuperSport United’s three-year dominance over them at the weekend. On the other hand, Benni McCarthy’s City are still reeling following a shocking 4-1 defeat to Bucs’ fierce rivals Kaizer Chiefs in Cape Town on Saturday. City players will be looking for a victory to boost their confidence ahead of the MTN8 Cup final against SuperSport at Moses Mabhida Stadium next Saturday. Pirates are three points behind early pacesetters Bidvest Wits with 10 points from six outings, while the Citizens occupy 12th spot with five points with a game in hand. Said Jele: “We are not worried about them. It’s important to focus on our game. Yes, they are playing in the final and they will want to come here and get results. We need to put in more effort to overcome them.” However, the lanky defender is aware they won’t have an easy passage to glory. The Citizens have always given Pirates a tough time having beaten them in the league and Nedbank Cup by the same margin (1-0) last season. “Each game is different. We will try our best to swing the game in our favour. What will happen in the end only God knows.” The 31 year-old says whoever coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic chooses to be in the starting lineup will double their work rate to grab the chance with both hands. Sredojevic has been relying on the striking partnership of Zambian duo of Augustin Mulenga and Justin Shonga in the absence of Thamsanqa Gabuza, who is still suspended. Explained Jele: “Pirates are a big team and you never know who will play. “We are all united and players know only 11 can start. We encourage each other on and off the pitch, that’s why new players have also gelled easily.”