NO sooner had Banyana Banyana claimed the Cosafa Women’s Championship title than talk of the Africa Women Cup of Nations (Women’s Afcon) begun in earnest. Banyana successfully defended their Cosafa title as they edged Cameroon 2-1 in the pulsating final at Wolfson Stadium in Port Elizabeth at the weekend. Defending the Cosafa title has truly been a fantastic feat for Banyana, who are showing consistency in their performances. But everyone is now thinking about the 2019 Fifa Women’s World Cup – Banyana goalie Kaylin Swart included. “It was my first Cosafa Cup win and first Banyana medal. It’s one of the greatest moments of my career. But it would be even nicer if it was a World Cup medal,” said Swart with a chuckle. The medal is the latest in a polished career for the Menlo College goalkeeper, who has registered a myriad of records with her US League team. However, nothing can quite compare with qualifying for the World Cup. “It’s been amazing. The qualifier is next,” Swart said. “The Cosafa tournament was the best preparation going into the next couple of months, considering the qualifier for the World Cup. “It was a great test for us, just to see where we are and gauge our level of play. “The courage we showed is definitely going to help us. We have raised our maturity level and attitude as we gear up for the Afcon games.” The 23-year-old keeper was the Player of the Match in the final showdown with Cosafa guest nation Cameroon. And it is teams like Cameroon, from West Africa, which best serve as a yardstick for Banyana to measure their progress. Swart added: “We now know what it’s going be like in Afcon. Teams in that tournament are all ranked very high and have a distinct style of play. Cameroon were a good test. It was good to play them in the final. “We are up against Ghana and Nigeria but we can do pretty well if we stay focused on what we have to do. We have what it takes.” Swart conceded only one goal in three of Banyana’s five matches, cementing her place in the side. She faces stiff competition from Andile Dlamini and Roxanne Barker.