A FAMILY is shocked after their son and three men were killed in what appears to be an execution. Bongani Yoni (32) and his three friends were shot dead in a shack in Zwide kasi, Port Elizabeth on Friday night. Bongani’s aunt, Cynthia January, said: “The family is still devastated and confused about why anyone would kill my nephew and his friends in such a barbaric manner. “We don’t know the motive behind the killing as nothing was stolen. It looks as if my nephew was coming out of the toilet, which is outside, when he was shot and killed.” Bongani had just got a job to help his poor family. “The family was looking forward to Bongani rebuilding his home as he started working six months ago as a carpenter. He was the pillar of the family. His father had a stroke and his sister is unemployed so we have lost a breadwinner,” said Cynthia. His cousin, Ntombondidi Tshokela (41), said neighbours told him they heard gunshots that sounded like a machine gun at about 10.45pm. “They stayed indoors, fearing for their lives. But a few minutes later, they heard Bongani’s sister screaming and calling for help. They told us that Bongani pleaded with the killers not to kill him. But his cries fell on deaf ears.” said Ntombondidi. The incident has left the family traumatised. While the People’s Paper was talking to the family, Bongani’s father collapsed. “Kids who heard and saw the incident are restless. They are crying and think that the killers will come back to finish us. We are praying for cops to find them and lock them away,” Ntombondidi said. Police spokesman Captain Andre Beetge confirmed the incident. “Four men were shot and killed, while a 38-year-old woman was also shot in the arm. The woman heard a quarrel erupting in Bongani’s shack and went to ask them to quieten down. This is when several shots were fired. She was wounded in her lower arm but managed to run to safety,” said Beetge. “Police found two bodies in the shack and the other two outside. Several empty ammunition cartridges were found around the murder scene. Only one of the victims has been identified.” Beetge said the motive for the killing was unknown. Anyone with information is urged to contact Captain Jerome Mackay at the Motherwell Serious Violent Crimes Unit on 076 018 0713.