Local rap group, Dreamteam will this weekend get a second chance to host their annual pool party, Dubane Spring Break. This as their first attempt to put on 2018’s biggest pool party was postponed due to heavy rain and pending storms in Durban, KZN on 08 September 2018. Dreamteam has since announced a new date for the pool party as well as an all-new line-up. The re-designed Dubane Spring Break will take place on Saturday, 29 September 2018 and will be hosted by actress, Natasha Thahane. Local house music giants, Black Motion and new kid on the block TDK Macassette have also been added to the line-up of performers. Also set to perform on Saturday is Cassper Nyovest Da L.E.S, DreamTeam, OkMalumKoolKat, DJ Tira, Tipcee, Dladla Mshunqisi, MsCosmo and many more. DREAMTEAM ANNOUNCES DUBANE SPRING BREAK LINE UP “As an event house in the South African entertainment industry, music forms an essential part of our DNA but most importantly, it plays an essential role in the lives of South Africans” said Trey from DreamTeam, co-founder of Dubane Spring Break. uShaka Marine World, who will play host to this colossal event, have also expressed their excitement over the new date. “We are so eager to once again play host venue and have artists from across the country perform along with some of our favourite local Durban music acts at this years’ Dubane Spring Break which will bring all beloved music fans an experience not to be missed with a variety of music genres. We were disappointed about having to postpone the event, but are now focused on the new one, and adding even more fun and excitement to the Dubane Spring Break party. What better way to start off the holidays, than celebrating with your friends, listening to some of Durban’s finest DJs, and partying under the sun?” said uShaka Marine World’s Events and Entertainment Manager, Vuyiswa King. Fans who had already bought tickets will be allowed entry into the event on the new date and those that still need to get their hands on one can do so from Computicket. General tickets cost R199 and VIP will cost R380. Dubane Spring Break will take place on 29 September 2018 at Wet ‘n Wild water complex in uShaka Marine World, Durban, Kwa Zulu Natal. Tickets are not for sale to persons under the age of 18. 