  TWO Mpumalanga pupils from Hoerskool Oosterland School in
Leandra made headlines, when a video showing the pupils attacking a 61-year-old
bus driver made the rounds on social media. The video shows one pupil assaulting the bus driver, who was
transporting scholars from Leslie to Secunda. Mpumalanga police spokesperson, Colonel Mtsholi Bhembe
confirmed to Daily Sun that the two
pupils aged 15 and 19 are facing assault charges with intent to cause grievous
bodily harm. He said information at police disposal suggests that the
driver stopped for other pupils to board the bus, when the two pupils also
boarded. "They then asked the driver why he had left them behind
at the previous pick-up point and before he could respond, they began kicking
and punching him on the face while the bus was in motion thereby clearly
putting the lives of the other pupils in danger," he said. The matter was reported to the police and a case of assault
with intent to cause grievous bodily harm was registered, with the duo being
arrested on 13 September as a result. "We urge parents to intervene in shaping the behaviour
of their children.” He encouraged them to search their school bags on a regular
basis for dangerous weapons and even drugs. “Wherever professional help is needed, parents must come
forth, the cops in conjunction with other stakeholders will assist children
wherever possible," he said Mpumalanga Department of Education spokesperson, Jasper
Zwane said one went to disciplinary hearing on 18 September, however the outcomes
are not yet available. "The department will monitor this process very closely
and will await the recommendations from the School Governing Body of Hoerskool
Oosterland. We are horrified that a pupil could put the lives of all the
passengers in the bus in such a shocking manner,” Zwane said. "The fact that the pupil is seen attacking the driver
while the bus was in motion shows a total disregard for the lives of the other
innocent pupils who enter to get home safely," he said. Zwane further said one cannot imagine that a pupil can
conduct himself in such a horrible manner. "It's really so unfortunate and heart breaking. There
is nothing that can justify violent conduct and disregard the safety of other learners,
this would have caused an accident," he said.