FIRST IT was Believe who came to the People’s Paper asking for help to find his missing fingers. Now more of his colleagues, all from the same company, have come forward with horror stories. THEY ALL WANT TO KNOW WHERE THEIR MISSING HANDS AND FINGERS ARE! The workers said they loved their work but also claim that after they were injured in the workplace the company chased them away like dogs and called them useless. All the angry workers lost their body parts because of a powerful steel cutting machine. On 14 September Daily Sun ran the tragic story of Believe Makhubela (26). He lost four fingers at Praga Technical in Rosslyn, Tshwane in September last year and he was worried that his fingers had not been buried properly. But now another four workers have come forward, looking for the body parts they lost at the same company. In January, Kenneth Shondlani (47) of Chiawelo in Soweto lost both his hands. He said he needs closure. “Without my hands I will never find peace,” he said. He said he never got back his body parts. Instead, he claims, he was fired for demanding what belonged to him. “I was never told where my hands ended up. After I healed I came to the company and they gave me R200,” he said. He said managers told him to go home since he could no longer work. “I was not even given any kind of compensation from any fund,” he said. Petrus Tsomakae (41) of Maubane in Hammanskraal lost three fingers in 2011. “The treatment is bad and there is no provident fund,” said Petrus. “It will help a little if they give me back my fingers.” Kenneth Chauke (34) of Mamelodi said he expected better treatment after he lost his fingers at the company, but claims he was fired in 2017 instead. To give the company the right of reply, Daily Sun went to the company’s premises in Rosslyn but security there refused the SunTeam entry. They said we should make an appointment. When we phoned the company we were sent from pillar to post as we tried to make an appointment. When Daily Sun first published Believe’s story, a person who said she worked in the HR department of Praga Technical asked for an email but she never replied. Department of labour spokesman Teboho Thejane said when an injury happens at work the employer should report to the department. Injury on duty forms have to be submitted to the compensation fund. He said the workers should report their dismissal to their nearest labour department office. “If the employer had followed the right procedures, the employees would have been assessed by a doctor and the compensation fund would also do an assessment. Then the workers would have been paid out based on the degree of their injuries.”