LEBOGANG Manyama has always dreamed of playing for Kaizer Chiefs. But not in his wildest dreams did the creative midfielder think he’d be back in the PSL donning the famous gold and black Amakhosi jersey so soon after going overseas. When the offer to join Amakhosi first came five seasons ago, Manyama chose SuperSport United and Cape Town City via the defunct Black Aces. But the less said about his frustrating stint with Turkish Super Lig side Konyaspor last season, the better. The former Bafana Bafana maestro is focusing on his very next challenge, a home league game against AmaZulu at FNB Stadium tomorrow (6pm). “I’ve always dreamt of playing for Chiefs, unfortunately it didn’t work out the last time,” said Manyama, who turned 28 this week. “But I believe everything happens in God’s time and that I’m here at the right time.” His arrival certainly comes at the right time for Amakhosi, who need all the talent they can lay their hands on in their quest to return to former glory. “I’m aware the club hasn’t won a trophy in some time. But there is pressure to deliver everywhere. There was pressure when I was playing at SuperSport, at City and even in Turkey,” Manyama admitted. “Every team has goals and that comes with pressure. But I think the problem with many teams is that they want to play 30 days in one game. By that I mean you think about the league title while you still have 24 games to go. “You have to take it one game at a time. For me the next ‘cup final’ is the next game. “I’m not thinking about the game after the next.” Manyama made his debut for Chiefs against former club City in their 4-1 league win last Saturday, but was rested for the 2-0 win against Free State Stars this week. “The coach rested me after the tough match against City. But hopefully I can come on for the next match,” Manyama said. “AmaZulu have a good coach in Cavin Johnson, a guy I’m very close to. They are a running team and fight very hard. We’ll have to put in the work to get the points. We have to defend as a team and attack as a team against them.” It may be early days, but seeing Chiefs in the top four in the league certainly fills Manyama with hope for a successful season.