A FORMER branch manager with Nedbank in Mthatha, Eastern Cape, was sentenced to 10 years in prison for stealing R1,5 million belonging to a dead client. Mziwodumo Ludidi (43) was sentenced in the Mthatha Regional Court on Wednesday. National Prosecuting Authority regional spokesman Luxolo Tyali said according to the evidence brought before court, Mziwodumo was the bank manager from February until November 2013. “He was responsible for managing internal banking processes and client services. “He was the ultimate authority within the bank’s branch,” said Tyali. “The dead man, Khumbulele Ndlazi, had an account with the bank when he died in January 2013. “After his death, Ludidi created two fictitious bank accounts. “He illegally and transferred amounts of R20 000 daily from the deceased’s account into the two fabricated accounts. “He then transferred R370 000 into his Capitec personal account. He later settled two personal loans he had taken from Nedbank,” said Tyali. When the beneficiary, the dead man’s daughter, approached the executor of the estate to access the money held in her dad’s account, they discovered that the money was gone. “She approached the forensic division of Nedbank. When Ludidi became aware of the investigation, he resigned with immediate effect and fled to Port Elizabeth, where he was arrested,” said Tyali. “Thanks to the forensic investigation report from Nedbank, the state managed to convince the court of his guilt beyond reasonable doubt.” During sentencing, Advocate Mthuthuzeli Rangula asked the court to hand Ludidi a lengthy sentence. He said the manager held a position of trust but showed a total disregard for the beneficiaries of the dead man. He added that such crimes affect society at large because banks increase the bank charges of account-holders to regain stolen money. Magistrate Sizakele Sihlahla sentenced Mziwodumo to 10 years. “The NPA believes that the sentence will go a long way towards showing that white collar crime will never be tolerated by our courts.