THEY WERE warned years ago that the tall building housing government departments was dangerous. But the government did nothing to prevent a deadly situation. AND THREE MZANSI FIREFIGHTERS HAVE PAID THE ULTIMATE PRICE. The 23-floor building in the heart of the Joburg CBD shared by the departments of health, human settlements and co-operative governance was not compliant with safety regulations. It was a disaster waiting to happen. And that disaster happened yesterday. Employees were rescued by the brave men from the Joburg Emergency Services but it came at a price. The deadly fire’s first casualty was a young fireman who fell from the balcony of one of the top floors of the building. Percy Makholwa, who works at the customer care centre in the building, said this is the third time they have had to contend with near disaster. “We are not taken seriously. Our safety reps have raised these issues with management before but they don’t listen,” he said. Makholwa told Daily Sun after they were evacuated, he was standing outside when an EMS employee fell to his death. “That is an image none of us will forget. Imagine the shock of coming to a place which is a health hazard and seeing someone fall from the building. We can’t work here. We need counselling.” Yesterday Gauteng MEC for Infrastructure Development Jacob Mamabolo said two of the three firefighters are believed to have died after being trapped in the building. “The third fell to his death while battling the blaze,” confirmed the MEC. “All employees will stay home until they can be moved to other premises. The building does not comply with occupational health and safety and was not compliant with the basic regulations,” he said during his briefing. Joburg Emergency Services confirmed that 13 people were taken to hospital for smoke inhalation. The fire was allegedly caused by an electrical fault. Tshepo Mokheranyana, Nehawu provincial secretary, said they had tried to engage the departments a number of times but were ignored. “Our pleas fell on deaf ears. We have been trying to warn them since 2014 but we were always dismissed.” he said. “Our members protested in 2014 and even moved out of the building. Instead of management taking our grievances to head office they suspended our members.”