SUPERSPORT United are not only used to reaching the cup finals but also have a habit of winning trophies. It is a culture that started nearly two decades ago, evolving under different coaches who have collectively delivered a total of 10 trophies in the last 15 years. Kaitano Tembo has seen it all, first as a player and later as assistant coach. But as head coach, he is now at the coalface and under considerable pressure to maintain the club’s winning culture. Tembo contests his first cup final this weekend when he guides United in the MTN8 Cup decider against Cape Town City at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday (7pm). “People in the team are used to getting to finals . . . getting results and winning trophies,” said Tembo, who will pin his hopes on the likes of Clayton Daniels, Reneilwe Letsholonyane and Bradley Grobler. “Regardless of what you read in the newspapers, there is always pressure everywhere in football. Football is business and results are all that matter. There is no time. It’s about results.” Tembo admitted there was a fair expectation that he would emulate the likes of Pitso Mosimane who delivered early in his career with Matsatsantsa a Pitori. Yet he faces a different challenge coming up against City, who are aiming to take the title in this MTN8 Cup “Act II”. “We beat them in the same final last season. But they’d also beaten us in the Telkom Knockout. So you can see there is a trend,” Tembo explained. “It’s a new game, though. Benni has done a wonderful job since we last met. City have improved as a team. They’re more organised, have good build-ups from the back and good speed up-front. They’re a complete side now. And Ayanda Patosi is a big threat. “Although we are aware of the threat they pose, it is important for us to impose our game on them and not limit ourselves. If we focus on them we’ll end up limiting ourselves in terms of our strengths.” City coach Benni McCarthy believes it is not about the tactics, but about who wants it more. McCarthy certainly wants it and so do his players, who suffered heartbreak when they lost to United on penalties last season. 