IF IT were up to the Kaizer Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas, Zimbabwean superstar Khama Billiat would have been declared Footballer of the Season already! The Italian mentor has so much admiration for the deadly former Mamelodi Sundowns winger. He has bowed to his skill not once but twice in the space of seven days and also showered him with praises befitting a king. Solinas, who guided the Soweto giants to three Absa Premiership wins on the trot, has compared Billiat to Barcelona magician Lionel Messi, saying Billiat is Chiefs’ version of the Argentinian superstar. Amakhosi recorded a 2-0 victory over AmaZulu at the FNB Stadium at the weekend with goals coming on either side of half-time from Ramahlwe Mphahlele and Siyabonga Ngezana. Chiefs will search for their fourth successive league win away to newly promoted Highlands Park at Makhulong Stadium on 2 October. After a tough start to the season, Solinas’ charges have scored eight goals and conceded just once in their past three matches. But the player on the forefront of the coach’s mind seems to be Billiat. Solinas gave him another bow when Billiat was replaced by Gustavo Paez in the 90th minute – the same reception the player received when he was substituted at about the same time in the 2-0 victory over Free State Stars. The coach believes Billiat should be plying his trade in Europe, not in SA's domestic league. Solinas said: “Barcelona play with 10 players plus Messi, Chiefs play with 10 players plus Billiat. “Billiat is our top player. He is the best player in the PSL in my personal opinion. He is an unbelievable player and he makes a big difference in the team. “He is not PSL material – Billiat is a complete player, he’s the best I have ever seen.” Commenting on their recent run of good results, Solinas urged his players to keep working hard and winning games. He said: “Three wins, that’s nothing. We haven’t achieved anything yet. We have to continue working hard to win more games.” The former Ea Lla Koto mentor also defended his decision to make a couple of changes in each of Chiefs’ past three matches. Explained the coach: “It is important to refresh the squad all the time. “We have 32 players in our squad. I have to select 11 and seven must sit on the bench. “The numbers in our squad are a good thing, as we will go into Africa soon. And we also have the Telkom Knockout, the league and the Nedbank Cup.”