Orlando Pirates attacker Vincent Pule has admitted that his call-up to the Bafana Bafana squad for the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifier against Libya came as a surprise. Bafana take on Libya on Saturday at Durban's Moses Mabhida Stadium at 3pm. Pule initially missed out on Stuart Baxter's squad, but was called up after an injury to Mamelodi Sundowns' Themba Zwane. Speaking to his club's official website,The26-year-old Pule said it is an honour and privilege to be part of the national team. The former Bidvest Wits winger who joined Pirates in July was on the score sheet when Bafana defeated AmaZulu 2-0 in a friendly match that was played KwaMushu on Wednesday. Pule said: "Every player grows up wanting to play for his country one day and I am no different. It's great to be here and represent my country. I'm honoured to be in the Bafana Bafana camp, as a player this is all you wish for - to play for your country." "Scoring against AmaZulu in a friendly match in KwaMashu on Wednesday may have increased Pule's chances of featuring at the Moses Mabhida Stadium, and he has stressed the importance of picking up all three points in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifier." On his call up two days after the squad was announced Pule had this to say:"The first time I got to know about the call up was from the coaches when I arrived at training. "It was there I was told that I would need to report for Bafana camp that afternoon. You can imagine my surprise when I got the news because it was a day or two after the squad had already been announced." Bafana need a victory at all costs against Libya as anything less than that would put them under enormous pressure going forward. "I think one can best answer from a team perspective and as one of the selected players I can say that we have to make the difference and help South Africa qualify for AFCON, it's as simple as that," he said. "We respect our opponents like any other team but when it comes to the match we will do all in our powers to try and secure maximum points because we know the importance of making a positive start in this current group format."