JESUS is in hiding in a little village in a northern
district of Uganda. So say cops, who arrested 14 of his “disciples” in Akwo
village on Monday, about 20kms away from where Jesus is said to have fled. According to Daily Monitor, the 30-year-old man who calls
himself Yesu (Jesus in  the local
language Luo) claims that he died, went to heaven, and was sent back to Earth
by God to announce the end of the world. Jesus claims that the end of the world will happen in
October and that only those who believe in him and his prophesy will make it to
heaven. He and his followers formed a group called Jesus Hammer. His
followers had all sold everything they and their families owned in preparation
for the end of days. When the heavily armed cops raided the village, Jesus managed
to get away. According to cops, Jesus’ real name is Alex Okello and he
is from the village. Cop Robert Agwech told Daily Monitor: “Okello convinced
his father, mother, wife, children and neighbours that they should remove the
children from school, shun work, sell their valuables and prepare a meal
together at his home as they wait to go to heaven. “So on Monday, we stormed the place and arrested 14
people but Okello managed to escape. We arrested his father and other
relatives. However they have all refused to talk and we have not yet recorded
their statements.” The reason the community and the cops are panicking is
because of the so-called Kanungu Massacre that took place in western Uganda in
2000. In this tragedy, Joseph Kibwetere was a leader of the
Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God, a splinter group
from the Roman Catholic Church which had about 800 followers. In March 2000 the group began slaughtering cattle and
buying massive amounts of Coca-Cola. On 17 March, 778 members of the group
committed mass suicide because they believed the apocalypse was nigh. There are unconfirmed reports that Kibwetere may have
fled alive. District cop commander Joel Tubanone is determined to prevent
any repeat event. “Right now I am going to the place to find out about this
man who calls himself Jesus.” “We’re taking this matter very seriously because we don’t
want what happened in Kanungu to happen here again,” added local official Tom Lemo.