MORE bombshells were dropped at the Commission of Inquiry into State Capture yesterday. It was alleged that former Communications Minister Faith Muthambi made her department dysfunctional in order to loot it. DURING HER TESTIMONY, PHUMLA WILLIAMS WENT AS FAR AS CALLING MUTHAMBI AN ENEMY OF THE STATE! Testifying at the inquiry in Parktown, Joburg, the former acting head of the Government Communications and Information System said Muthambi stripped her of her procurement responsibilities so she could steal. After comparing her experience to being tortured by the apartheid police, she said while all this was happening, former president Jacob Zuma didn’t lift a finger. Speaking to journalists after testifying, Williams said: “Zuma knows exactly my pain of torture. I don’t understand why he would keep quiet and not intervene. In democracy, I still had to go through the same torture. “The only difference is there was no beating this time. I think Zuma protected this woman. I don’t have an idea why except to say after she removed me from finance, they were looting without me knowing.” An emotional Williams told the commission the way Muthambi treated her brought back the trauma of her torture. “I had nightmares. My facial twitches were back. I never thought this government would do such things,” she said. “I was tortured for weeks as an activist and Muthambi did the same thing to my body. She wanted to steal at all costs.” Wiliams said she became so frustrated that she ended up applying for early retirement. “After much soul searching, I convinced myself that Muthambi was an enemy. I told myself that I would be selling South Africa out if I allowed the thief to get away with it.” Williams said a lot of senior officials resigned because of Muthambi’s management style but the minister didn’t replace them, putting strain on a number of institutions. “It was as if she was working against the state,” said Williams. She said she believed Muthambi didn’t fill vacant posts to make the department dysfunctional so the minister could replace officials with her own people. Williams said responsibilities like media buying and internal audits were taken away from her and given to Mzwanele Manyi, the government spokesman at the time. Williams said Muthambi did so much damage to GCIS that people started calling it Hollywood. Meanwhile, Ajay and Rajesh Gupta and Duduzane Zuma have applied for their lawyers to cross examine former ANC MP Vytjie Mentor, former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas and former GCIS head Themba Maseko on their testimonies. The former president’s lawyers have not put it on record that they wish to cross examine witnesses or dispute their testimony. However, commission chairman and deputy chief justice Raymond Zondo said he had seen correspondence from Zuma’s lawyers in which they expressed what he called “a certain position”. 