“AND IF according to my faith I am to lose my life, please bless with Your protecting hand my family from strife.” These are words from the Firefighter’s Prayer that the widows and families of the late firefighters can hold in their hearts. PERHAPS IT WILL HELP EASE THEIR PAIN, EVEN IF JUST A LITTLE. Yesterday, the wives, children and relatives of Simphiwe Moropane (28), Mduduzi Ndlovu (40) and Khathutshelo Muedi (37) were taken to the Fairview Fire Station where they were stationed. The family members had an emotional day after visiting the premises where the fallen firefighters had assembled moments before leaving for duty. With the family in attendance, three candles and three helmets were placed in the watch room, where firefighters assemble before leaving to perform their duties. The families told Daily Sun from there they were going to the mortuary to identify the bodies of their loved ones. They asked to be given space and not photographed. Yuri Tseke, the widow of one of the late firemen, paid tribute to her husband on social media. “#JoburgFire. Today I lost my husband, my best friend, father to my children. I love you so much,” she posted. Gauteng Premier David Makhura, Joburg mayor Herman Mashaba and City of Joburg MMC for Public Safety Michael Sun were on hand to comfort the families. Later the families were taken to the building where the tragedy happened, and stood at the place where the men died. Firefighters were still battling to put out the fire that has been burning since Wednesday. Mashaba said: “I spoke to the families and they are deeply hurt, understandably so.” He said when their loved ones left their homes in the morning they had expected them to come back but that didn’t happen. “We send our condolences to them,” he said. He said the City is committed to give the families their full support. Makhura said that they were still in the process of moving employees from the building when it caught fire. He said they knew the building was not in a good condition. Makhura said their prayers were also with the other firefighters who are still in hospital after inhaling smoke and those who had suffered minor burn wounds. The memorial service for the three heroes will be held next week. The date is still to be confirmed.