EVERYONE expects Bafana Bafana to beat Seychelles when they meet in back-to-back matches on 10 and 13 October, says Stuart Baxter. The two national teams will clash in their quest to qualify for next year’s Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) tournament in Cameroon. Seychelles will come charging at Bafana like wounded lions after Nigeria walloped them 3-0 at home at the Stade Linite in Victoria, eager to cause an upset against the South Africans. Could this happen? This is the question on everyone’s lips after Bafana’s lacklustre performance against Libya in their qualifying match at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium, dropping two points and leaving Baxter with egg on his face. Qualifying for the 2019 Afcon has become much easier after it was expanded from 16 to 24 teams. It will also be staged in June and July now, just like other Fifa competitions. Bafana are second in Group E, equal with leaders Libya on four points, while Nigeria have three and Seychelles have zero. But Baxter knows a repeat of Saturday’s stale showing against Libya would kill their chances of qualifying for Afcon. The Scot sees the Seychelles matches as his saving grace. “We are playing against a team that plays deep, just like the team we played against tonight (Libya),” Baxter said after the match. “We will need to be better and more clinical. We will need to shift the ball quicker and make sure we don’t have too many touches in wrong areas. “There were times where we played good football against Libya and we need to do that more often – take our chances more often. “Seychelles seem like a beaten team but will come at us filled with confidence despite their setback against Nigeria. We will need to take our chances against them, make sure we get that goal and get in the game as early as possible.” Is this just shop talk? The coach says he knows what went wrong against Libya and has a solution against the Seychelles Pirates. “It will be a different ball game, we will have to study Seychelles thoroughly. After their beating by Nigeria they will come to us hoping to do well. And everyone expects us to beat them . . .” Furthermore, Moses Mabhida Stadium doesn’t seem to be Bafana’s happy hunting ground of late, the team having failed on four occasions to get a positive result against minnows at the Durban venue. They were defeated 2-1 by Cape Verde Island last year to dent their hopes of qualifying for the Fifa World Cup in Russia. They also failed to qualify for last year’s Afcon in Gabon after losing to Mauritania – and were held 1-1 by Ghana and to a goalless draw by Gambia in 2015 in the same tournament’s qualifiers.