President of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa has over the weekend given the Special Investigating Unit the green light to investigate suspected wrong-doing by public servants. He has called for the SIU to investigate the National Department of Water and Sanitation and the Ekurhuleni and Ethekwini municipalities. This came after allegations of maladministration and reckless spending of public funds in the Department surfaced when the department awarded an IT contract to software provider SAP SE. The SIU will look into allegations that the procurement of, or contracting for, information technology-related services from SAP had not been fair, competitive, transparent, equitable or cost-effective, and that legislation, guidelines or policies had been flouted, Ramaphosa said. “The SIU has also been tasked to investigate any improper or unlawful conduct by personnel of the Department of Water and Sanitation or SAP, or any other person or entity, as well as the causes of such conduct, and any losses, damage or actual or potential prejudice suffered by the department or the State.” The investigation is set to focus on improper conduct the department allegedly committed in a three-year period from January 2015 to the present. The SIU has also been tasked with investigating improper conduct relating to the procurement of services for the construction of the Vosloorus Hospital’s public transport facility and the Bluegum View Public Transport Facility. Allegations have surfaced that the procurement for these two projects, which occurred around February in 2014, had not been fair, competitive, equitable and cost-effective. The Ethekwini municipality will be investigated for the illegal awarding of a tender to supply the municipality with waste recycling bags around January 2014. “This investigation will look into alleged fraudulent and any related unauthorised, irregular or fruitless and wasteful expenditure, underperformance or non-performance by contractors, and the conduct of directors of the company or companies involved in this tender,” Ramaphosa said. 