VETERAN defender Thabo “Mr Cool” Nthethe has assured Chippa United fans that the chips are not down just yet.The cool-as-a-cucumber star says their fans will see a different Chippa when they host Baroka FC in an Absa Premiership match at Sisa Dukashe Stadium on Saturday (3pm).The Port Elizabeth side have yet to win a match this season and are languishing in the basement of the league table with only one point from four games.But Nthethe vowed that everything will soon change, as new coach Eric Tinkler has instilled a winning mentality.Tinkler replaced Dan Malesela who was sacked last month after three matches.Said Nthethe: “The team is okay, you can see that players are willing to work. We’ve doubled our efforts. It’s just that we haven’t had much luck.“I believe everything will work out, the coach can see our potential. He believes we are a good team, that’s why he didn’t make a lot of changes.”Nthethe is confident their strikers will be sharp in front of goal from Saturday onwards.Chippa have scored a mere three goals and have conceded seven in their four matches, losing three games and drawing one. The 33-year-old ex-Mamelodi Sundowns explains: “We didn’t create enough chances in our last four games, which has been our downfall. We knocked the ball around rather than attack. But the coach has encouraged us to move forward more so that we can get into good scoring positions more often.” Nthethe, who boasts 22 Bafana Bafana caps, is aware their defence will need to be solid if they are to give their fans something to cheer about, considering Baroka are also desperate for points. Baroka, in 10th spot with five points, have won just one game in five outings. Said Nthethe: “We did video analysis to see how they played recently (a 1-1 draw with Highlands). We have an idea what to expect. By Thursday’s training session we will know how best to overcome them. “We need to be on our toes the entire match and apply ourselves properly. Our fans are fully behind us, they come in numbers when we play in the township. They want to see us move forward instead of stagnate at the bottom.”