PARTIES involved in a court case seeking to decriminalise
gay sex in Kenya will be allowed to make submissions based on a recent decision
by India’s top court to overturn a ban on gay sex, a Kenyan court said yesterday. India’s top court on 6 September scrapped a colonial-era
law that punished gay sex with up to 10 years in jail, raising hopes among
activists worldwide, including in Africa, for similar reforms elsewhere. The constitutional division of Kenya’s High Court will
hear submissions from both parties on 25 October on the relevance of India’s
decision to Kenya, given that both countries have shared the law — dating back
to the days of British colonial rule - that criminalises “sexual acts against
the order of nature”. Homosexuality is taboo across much of Africa and gay
people face discrimination or persecution. In Kenya it can lead to a 14-year
jail sentence, but in recent years campaigners for lesbian, bisexual, gay and
transgender (LGBT) rights have become increasingly vocal. Opponents of decriminalising gay sex in Kenya say India’s
decision was flawed and they will ask the Kenyan court to disregard it. “Kenyan courts are bound only by decisions of higher
courts in Kenya, but decisions of foreign courts can be persuasive. They don’t
have to be adopted,” said Charles Kanjama, a lawyer representing parties
against decriminalisation. Supporters of decriminalisation say the current ban is
being used daily to discriminate against LGBT people, making it harder for them
to get a job or promotion, rent housing or access health and education
services. Due to a lack of legal protection, campaigners say sexual
minorities are routinely abused, assaulted by mobs, raped by police or vigilantes,
or enslaved by criminals. Same-sex relationships are a crime in more than 70
countries around the world, almost half of them in Africa. South Africa is the
only African nation to have legalised gay marriage. The law against gay sex in Kenya was introduced during
British rule more than 120 years ago. In 2010 Kenya adopted a new constitution
that provides for equality, human dignity and freedom from discrimination.