BLACK Leopards have threatened to have supporters arrested for selling or being in possession of fake tickets at Thohoyandou Stadium, Venda, on Sunday. Lidoda Duvha host Bloemfontein Celtic in their first ever Absa Premiership encounter to be played at their Venda stronghold this Sunday (3pm) – a historic event they have been looking forward to since the season started. Leopards spokesman Berry Ramunenyiwa told SunSport yesterday that they had teamed up with the South African Police Services (SAPS) to ensure their clash with Steve Komphela’s team goes off without a hitch. “We had a problem of the stadium being filled to the last seat last season – when we were still in the National First Division – but then when we looked at the numbers after the game, they weren’t adding up,” said Ramunenyiwa. “We realised later on that some criminals were selling fake tickets at cheaper prices. We do not want that to happen again. We are working with the SAPS’ Intelligence Task Team who will be on the lookout for such thugs at all the stadium gates to arrest them, if found. The police are not playing games with criminals – they have assured us that they will arrest anyone with fake tickets on the spot.” He added that two people were arrested for the same crime last season, saying the police had tightened up security even more since then. “We do not want a stampede because of criminals,” Ramunenyiwa warned. Tickets for this clash went on sale yesterday for R60 for the grandstand and R40 for open stand seats. “We appeal to our fans to only buy tickets from Computicket,” he said. “People should not buy tickets from anyone else or expect tickets to be on sale at the stadium. Tickets will be scanned at all turnstiles around the stadium and at all the gates.” Ramunenyiwa also appealed to fans to buy tickets well in advance to avoid disappointment. “We played a friendly game at Makhuvha Stadium at the weekend and fans came in their numbers. This gives us an indication that people are hungry to see Leopards play at home – so get your tickets early and get them from the correct source.” This weekend’s round of matches will be the first since the police have been called to action following an historic partnership agreement with the PSL. Their presence is expected to play a strategic role in crime prevention at venues. Meanwhile, Leopards goalkeeper Rotshidzwa Muleka is doubtful for this clash after he injured his leg in a friendly against Bidvest Wits last week.