JUST two months ago we had a big fuel price hike thanks to a weakened rand. Last month, government absorbed much of the last fuel price increase but once again, our wallets will have to face the next fuel-price hike without protection. The Automobile Association of South Africa (AA) expects petrol prices to increase by between 23c and 25c a litre, with diesel pushed up by around 28c a litre. “People often underestimate the impact that their driving habits have on fuel consumption but small changes can help reduce the cost,” said Susan Steward, marketing manager for Budget Insurance. “The US Department of Energy claims smart driving could increase fuel economy by as much as 40%. If you fill up 48 times in 12 months at R800 a tank, you could save more than R15 000 a year by changing the way you drive and keeping your car in tip top shape.” Align and inflate: Incorrect wheel alignment and underinflated tyres leads to increased resistance between the tyres and the road. This then leads to higher fuel use as well as increased wear and tear on tyres. Check your tyre pressure at least once a month. It’s okay to check tyre alignment at least once a year unless you hit a pothole or curb harshly. Smooth and steady: Every hard brake and acceleration burns fuel. Follow cars in front at a safe distance and avoid racing away from a green traffic light. No need for speed: High speeds burn more fuel. At 110km/h, your car uses up to 25% more fuel than it would at 90km/h. Gear up: most higher gears use less fuel, so drive in the highest gear when possible. Don’t be a drag: Anything that increases drag such as driving with open windows or a fully loaded roof rack. Drive with your windows closed and pack bags in or at the rear of the car if possible. Control air conditioning: Cars use more fuel powering air conditioning at low speeds than high. Only use the air conditioner on long trips at 80km/h or faster. Open a window for all other times. Get a check up: Many car parts ruin fuel economy if dirty or broken. Dirty oil filters or air filters, dirty fuel injectors, a faulty exhaust, worn spark plugs or low coolant levels, bad parts cause bad fuel efficiency. Replace what needs to be replaced as soon as possible. Learn patience: If you can avoid major traffic jams, do so. Staying out of traffic will end up saving you time, frustration and of course, fuel. If you can’t wait, use an app or similar technology that can find alternative and less congested routes. A warning: There are lots of traffic apps available and some are terrible so research the best before installing. Team up: A lift club is not only a great way to save fuel but also reduces the wear and tear on your car. It can also be a great stress reliever as you can relax while someone else is driving. Socialising is also a great way to ignore problems that would normally set you off. Switch on and go: There’s nothing like driving a warm car on a cold morning. While winter is mostly behind us, it is wise to remind you that all the time spent idling an engine while your car warms up is costing you money. Don’t let your car idle for any longer than is needed.