A video of cops carrying the body of a Kwazulu-Natal student has surfaced on social media. In the video cops are seen carrying the body from one of the rooms at a students residence. Reports say the University of Kwazulu-Natal student was stabbed to death by his roommate at the Westville Campus over the weekend. The 20-year-old suspect was expected to appear in the Pinetown Magistrate's Court on Monday. It is alleged that the suspect stabbed his 22-year-old roommate multiple times in the early hours of Saturday morning. The suspect fled the scene later handed himself over to the police in Durban. The African National Congress (ANC) in KwaZulu-Natal said it was shocked and saddened by the loss of lives at the different Institutions of Higher Learning in Kwa Zulu Natal. Nomagugu Simelane-Zulu, ANC Provincial spokesperson, said the stabbing of a student from the University of Zululand, a shooting of a Durban University of Technology (DUT) student and another student at University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN) who was stabbed to death is deeply distressing. "An ANCYL member Cde Nqobani Dlomo was brutally murdered allegedly by another student in the Oval Residence, Westville Campus of UKZN. Cde Dlomo was also in the Students Representative Council’s election list to be held at the end of the month. "The DUT student, Cde Sikhumbuzo “Shakes” Lushaba was shot dead near students’ residents in Albert Park on Friday. Cde Lushaba was an active member of ANCYL, YCL, and Sasco in the university."  "As the African National Congress in KwaZulu-Natal our thoughts and prayers are with the families and the loved ones of the deceased. The Regional officials of Musa Dladla are currently engaging with relevant authorities to get details that will inform us on the details and participation of the UniZulu student, and this will inform our interventions at that institution," said Simelane-Zulu.  The ANC said it is deeply concerned about the sudden rise of violence in tertiary institutions. "It goes without saying that our educational institutions must be places of intellectual learning and not of violence and murders. We call on the recently launched Provincial Council on Social Cohesion and Moral Regeneration co-chaired by our Premier Cde Willies Mchunu and Bishop Emeritus Rubin Phillip to give special attention to this violent behavior in our institutions of higher learning. We also call on law enforcement agencies and the university management at these institutions to speedily investigate and bring the alleged perpetrators of this weekend murders to justice. "We further call on all our structures in all campuses to engage on matters of safety and security and take active steps to make our campuses safer. The future of our country is in the hands of our youth. The role of our universities is to produce the human resources capacity for the development of our nation. Every death robs a family and our nation at large of a young person who can contribute to a better life for all. Where ever we are, let us work together to make our universities and our communities safer."