Minister of Police Bheki Cele has confirmed that one person has been arrested for the killing of former ANCYL secretary general Sindiso Magaqa. The suspect, who was not named, appeared in the Umzimkhulu Magistrate's Court on Thursday, Cele said at a briefing in Durban. Cele attributed the arrest to a special task team he established two months ago in KZN. Magaqa, a ward councillor in KZN, died at Albert Luthuli Hospital in Durban in July from gunshot wounds he sustained in a suspected ambush. He was 35 years old. The minister attributed the arrest to a specialised task team set up to mitigate political killings he established two months ago in the embattled province. The task team has made 28 arrests so far. "This is KZN. We are saying that if you want to kill people, go somewhere else. The days of impunity and political killings will soon come to an end," he said. Speaking at the KZN police headquarters in Durban, he gave an update on investigations into political killings that have plagued the province for more than five years. He didn’t hold back, warning criminals of the consequences of their actions. If they did not hand themselves over to police, they would suffer a fate similar to that of a man linked to the killing of Constable Mbiko Buthelezi, he said. Shortly after Buthelezi's death, police raided the man's home. He was shot after he fired at police. "We are sharpening our claws. If we suspect you, you must come forward. Don't wait for us to come to you. It doesn't matter who you are, we will find you." Six people allegedly linked to the killing of ANC party member Musawenkosi "Maqatha" Mchunu were among the arrests the team had made. They appeared in the Pietermaritzburg Regional Court on Tuesday and the case was postponed to September 20 for a bail application. Mchunu was gunned down while driving into the premises of his Pietermaritzburg home in May. Cele said another "significant achievement" was the arrest of Fisokuhle Ntuli, who has allegedly been linked to at least 16 political cases. He said Ntuli was linked to eight counts of murder, as well as cases of attempted murder and the unlawful possession of firearms and ammunition. Cele pointed out that the police were making significant headway in political cases across all political parties. "We will not rest, and we will ensure that KZN is stabilised." https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/breaking-cele-confirms-one-suspect-arrested-for-sindiso-magaqa-murder-20180913