SANDILE Benya (59) and his wife have been living in a shack in Uitenhage for about 30 years. Now he is angry with the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality. He claimed municipal officials told him to move to another shack while waiting for his RDP house to be built. Sandile said they told him there were three sewage pipes in his yard which were making it difficult for contractors to build the house. Sandile told Daily Sun: “The municipality wants to move me from this shack to another shack where there are no services. They don’t consider the fact that I’ve spent almost three decades without a house. “The officials treat me as if I’m a new applicant on the housing list. I’m not prepared to move to another shack. “Why does the municipality insist on moving us to projects that are not even complete, while NU29 in Motherwell and Wells Estate have completed houses?” Councillor Simphiwe Ntshiza said: “I have reserved a place for Sandile in Gunguluza where there’s a new project to build 300 houses. But he refused to move. “He then built a shack while waiting for his RDP to be built. “Sandile told me he would only move into a completed house. “We started by building toilets for people of this area.” Sandile said he was one of the first people to get land on Mtshingizane Street in 1988. Mandisa Kondile, a municipal official, wrote a letter to human settlements official Thembakazi Hlela on 21 October 2013. She requested that Hlela allocate a house for Sandile. The letter read: “Benya is willing to move to anywhere around the metro, preferably in NU29 Motherwell, with the aim of occupying a proper structure. “I urge you to assist because he has lived in a shack for many years.” Phiwokuhle Soga, a spokeswoman for Eastern Cape Human Settlements Department, said: “Sandile is an approved beneficiary. Following a recent visit to his place by our inspector, it was discovered the site is undeveloped due to three sewer drains, two in front of the shack and one at the back. “The water meter is also outside the boundary wall. The possibility of moving the family has also been discussed with the beneficiary. The department will continue to help to find the best solution for him.”