REIGNING champions of the Copa Coca-Cola Under-15 schools tournament, Clapham High School, are hot favourites to again win this year’s national finals in Port Elizabeth. However, this year’s battle for bragging rights promises to be an epic affair as Clapham face Glenwood High School, who have shown that they are able to withstand any kind of pressure. The finals kick off tomorrow and run till Saturday at Wolfson Stadium. The top team from each of Mzansi’s nine province will compete for honours, with Clapham and Glenwood tipped to reach the final. The Pretoria based Clapham, representing Gauteng, won the tournament last year in Bloemfontein and remain the only team from last year to make the cut for the 2018 edition. The other eight provinces are represented by new schools. They comprise Glenwood High (KZN), Malcomess High School (Eastern Cape), Moroka High (Free State), Bela Bela High (Limpopo), KI Thwala Secondary (Mpumalanga), Seiphemelo High School (North West), Ikekeletso High (Northern Cape) and Kuyakhanya High (Western Cape). Speaking at the launch of the tournament, Clapham High coach Johannes Petje said with the squad he had at his disposal, he felt confident they would defend the title. He said: “We have a strong group of boys and most of them have been in the team for a long time. “Our journey to the finals was not easy. We’re definitely not going there just make up the numbers.” Glenwood High, an AmaZulu FC academy school, caused an upset on their way to the national finals when they eliminated JL Dube High School, one of the top schools in the province. Like past years, there can be no doubt that there’s a lot of talent promising to be unearthed at the tournament finals. Past finals have produced the likes of Khulekani Kubheka, SA Under-20 captain, and Under-17 star Thando Buthelezi. The junior tournament also paved the way for some PSL stars that include Happy Jele, Andile Jali and Mandla Masango. The draw of the tournament was made on Wednesday evening. FIXTURES Group ABela Bela High School (Limpopo)Ikekeletso Technical High School (Northern Cape)Clapham High School (Gauteng)KI Thwala High School (Mpumalanga)Kuyakhanya Primary School (Western Cape)Group B Seiphemelo High School (North West)Malcomess Secondary School (Eastern Cape )Glenwood High School (KwaZulu Natal)Moroka High School (Free State)Day 1 Fixtures:Group A8:00am – Bela Bela High School vs KI Thwala High School8:50am – Clapham High School vs Ikekeletso Technical High SchoolGroup B9:40am – Seiphemelo High School vs Glenwood High School10:30 – Moroka High School vs Malcomess Secondary SchoolGroup A11:20am – Ikekeletso Technical High School vs Kuyakhanya Primary School12:10pm – Invitation Team vs SASFA Invitation TeamGroup B2:00pm – Glenwood High School vs Moroka High School2:50pm – Malcomess Secondary School vs Seiphemelo High SchoolGroup A3:40pm – KI Thwala High School vs Ikeletso Technical High School4:30pm – Bela Bela High School vs Clapham High SchoolDay 2 Fixtures:Group A8:00am – Bela Bela High School vs Ikeletso Technical High School8:30am – KI Thwala High School vs Kuyakhanya Primary SchoolGroup B9:40am – Malcomess Secondary School vs Glenwood High School10:30 – Seiphemelo High School vs Moroka High SchoolGroup A11:20am – Clapham High School vs KI Thwala High School12:10pm – Invitation Team vs SASFA Invitation TeamGroup B2:00pm – Glenwood High School vs Seiphemelo High School2:50pm – Malcomess Secondary School vs Moroka High SchoolGroup A3:40pm – Ikeletso Technical High School vs Clapham High School4:30pm – Bela Bela High School vs Kuyakhanya Primary SchoolDay 3 Fixtures:9:00am – Group A Winner vs Group B Runners-Up10:00am – Group B Winner vs Group A Runners-Up11:00am – Invitation Team vs SASFA Invitation Team12:00pm – Semi-Final 1 Loser vs Semi-Final 2 Loser1:00pm – Semi-Final 1 Winner vs Semi-Final 2 Winner 