FLEET-FOOTED loose forward Sikhumbuzo Notshe is set to start for the Springboks in their penultimate round of the Rugby Championship against Australia’s Wallabies at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth tomorrow (5.05pm). The Test will also commemorate the 100th birthday of the late former president, Nelson Mandela. Getting a first start with Notshe is Cheslin Kolbe after his stellar performance against New Zealand’s All Blacks on the wing, in four of the changes coach Rassie Erasmus made to the starting team that won in Wellington last week. Notshe will, however, get a rare chance to show his mettle at No 8 as he replaces Warren Whiteley, who was ruled out of the Test with a groin injury earlier in the week. Kolbe’s selection is no surprise after his performance in the Boks’ heroic 36-34 win against New Zealand, where he scored a crucial try. “Cheslin has been very impressive since he joined the squad a few weeks ago and now he gets a deserved opportunity to start in a big Test,” said Erasmus. “The same applies for Notshe, who did very well in the role of impact player during the English series. He has kept on working hard and deserves his chance in the starting team.” Plagued by injury, Notshe finally gets to start for the Boks. The Western Province forward made his debut against Argentina in the Championship. But he probably would have debuted against the All Blacks two years ago already, had it not been for injury. Jesse Kriel is set to partner the strong running Andre Esterhuizen in a overhauled Springbok midfield following injuries to Damian de Allende and Lukhanyo Am. Loosehead prop Beast Mtawarira has been restored to the starting lineup in a straight swap with Steven Kitshoff, and will be making his 106th Test match appearance for the Springboks. The bench also looks stronger and Erasmus will once more demand the same impact substitutes made against the All Blacks Said Erasmus: “The players that we sent on took their chances and that’s what we want from this group. “We are trying to build experience in the squad that we can take to the Rugby World Cup.”