A host of Mzansi’s celebrities are joining the crusade against breast cancer again this year in a bid to raise awareness of the disease at the annual iThemba Walkathon next month.  The celebrities / well known personalities include: • Kay Sibiya (Actor)• Thandy Matlaila (Actress – The Queen Mzansi)• Candice Abrahams (Former Mrs World)• Mome Nale (Reality TV star / Fashion Designer)• Melanie Ramjee (PR / Social Media)• Danine Naidoo (TV Presenter / Singer) • Lynn Forbes (Motivational Speaker)• Lerato Sengadi (PR and Brand Ambassador)• Lebo Motsoelie (Radio and TV)• Olwethu Leshabane (Women Empowerment Activist)• Liz Khan (Radio Presenter) • Courtnall Skosan (SA Rugby) • TT Mbha (Real Estate Guru)• Mellissa Robert (Brand Influencer)  Various professional athletes are amongst those helping to generate awareness around breast cancer by supporting the 13th annual iThemba Walkathon due to take place at Marks Park on Sunday, 21 October.  Breast cancer affect more South Africa women than any other type of cancer with 1 in 26 women directly affected annually according to the Cancer Association of South Africa (CANSA)[1]. The World Health Organisation estimates that almost 50% of breast cancer cases are in developing countries which also reported 58% of deaths.  [2] Despite this, only 42% of women are confident that they would recognise the symptoms of breast cancer.[3]  “The statistics clearly highlight a need for increased awareness and education on breast cancer which is why we have a partnership with CANSA to reach as many communities as we can each year and why an event like the iThemba Walkathon is so important,” says Katlego Modipane, Communications & Public Affairs Officer at Avon Justine. “And it is encouraging that so many celebrities are showing support for the event. Their involvement means that we can reach many more women with information that could potentially save their lives”.  Many of the celebrities took to social media to raise awareness and confirm their attendance to the iThemba Walkathon on Sunday, 21 October this week. At least 30 000 participants are expected at this year’s edition of the family orientated event which is likely the largest breast cancer awareness event of its kind in the country. Participants need to pre-register and can do so online at www.ithembawalkathon.co.za with tickets costing just R145 per adult and R100 per child between the ages of two and twelve. Registrations can also be made at participating Sportsman Warehouse stores around Johannesburg.  On the day there will be lots of live performances, food and other exciting stalls in addition to exhibition stands by various NGOs, including CANSA who will have a mobile unit onsite which will be operated by qualified nurses for breast health assessments. 