"IM
KILLING myself, this life is useless without clients" These
were the words of a self-confessed magosha shouting from the top of a bridge. After
an attempt to end her life, she set in the sun between a railway and the bushes
where she showcases her business to every man that passes on the path that
crosses the railway. When
no man passes through, she speaks to herself demanding money from clients who paid
her. After
midday, she apparently goes from shack to shack in Phomolong Mamelodi East
Tshwane asking for condoms. The
behaviour of this magosha has worried local women for some time. The
women claim to have sought help for the magosha without any success. They
said they are afraid the magosha could be very depressed and needs help. Resident
Martha Rankapole (48), said she fears that one day the magosha will succeed in
killing herself. "I
think years of abuse at the hands of her clients has traumatised her. “She
has been beaten and picked by passer-by’s many times. “After
such incidents she disappears for some time and comes back to the streets when
she has healed," she said. She
said the woman is in no state to be a magosha. "She
is not in a good state of mind, she cannot negotiate and we hear that sometimes
she tells people that she charges R5 per session, she needs help," she
said. Rankapole
said attempts to get her family have failed. "She
tells us different names every day, I hope men become sympathetic and stop
buying her services," she said. The
SunTeam visited the magosha, who said she was mrs nyaope and she was speaking
to herself. She told
the SunTeam to stop asking her questions, but rather buy her services. "I
have a 10-year-old child that I'm looking after, I work under the bridge and
I'm happy," she said. Her
behaviour resembled that of an unstable woman, as she would change her
statements. She said she does not need help, as she has devoted
her life to addiction, making money and she not prepared to quit. "You
should stop taking pictures of me and give me money. I'm the president of my
life and I'm dangerous as well," she said.