IN RECENT years Bafana Bafana have seemingly hit a brick wall when they’ve come up against the so-called smaller nations in African Cup of Nations (Afcon) and Fifa World Cup qualifiers. And their most recent tumble, still fresh in South Africans’ minds, is the double blow dealt by Cape Verde Island who beat Bafana 2-1 in two matches in a row – home and away – in the previous Fifa World Cup qualifiers. Bafana also failed to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon last year after defeat to another minnows team, Mauritania, losing 3-1 away and getting held 1-1 in the return leg at home. Going back further, Bafana were held to a goalless draw at home by Gambia in 2015 in a qualifier for the same competition. Both the draw with Gambia (June 2015) and defeat to Cape Verde (September 2017) happened at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium. And this Saturday at 3pm, Bafana will host Libya – another team considered somewhat lightweight as far as football is concerned – at the same KwaZulu-Natal venue in a 2019 Afcon qualifier. This will be Bafana’s second Afcon qualifier after they beat Nigeria in their first leg match away. Bafana teamp captain Thulani “Tyson” Hlatshwayo says things will have to change in this match – they will need to break their bad habit of stumbling against smaller teams in Durban. He reckons a change of mindset will aid them in this match – and all matches against so-called smaller nations. He said they would need to step up their game and ensure they play the way they did when they beat the powerhouse of African football Nigeria. Said Hlatshwayo: “Although it seems like Moses Mabhida has not been a happy hunting ground for us, I feel that it’s all in the mind. It’s a matter of changing our mentality when we play against the smaller countries. “We will need to approach this match with the same mentality we approached the match that we won against Nigeria. We always play our best football when we take on bigger sides and I seriously think we should start applying that mentality in each game. We shouldn’t take any country for granted.” The Bidvest Wits skipper said winning home matches was key in their quest to play in next year’s Afcon in Cameroon. Bafana last played in this continental tournament in Equatorial Guinea in 2015. He said: “After Libya we have back-to-back matches against Seychelles. It is important that we win our home matches against these teams. “We don’t underestimate them but we have to beat them. Then we won’t be under so much pressure when we play Nigeria again. Home games are must-win for us, starting this Saturday.”