DESPERATE times call for desperate measures by the Springboks. Embarrassed by defeat to Argentina, the Boks are adjusting their usual preparation for the upcoming Rugby Championship Test against the Wallabies in Brisbane, Australia. Kick-off for the showdown at Suncorp Stadium is at 8pm Australian Eastern Standard time (12pm SA time) on Saturday. This unfamiliar evening kick-off for the Boks Down Under has meant Rassie Erasmus has had to adjust his team’s training and activity schedule. The Boks landed in Queensland on Sunday and had high intensity training sessions on Monday and Tuesday. Skipper Siya Kolisi and his teammates only hit the gym at the unusual time of 7.30pm. “Back home we always play in the late afternoon but over the next two weeks we will be playing in the evening, which obviously means that on match days the boys will be active much later in the day,” said Bok assistant coach Mzwandile Stick. “As part of our preparations for the evening kick-off, we have moved our practice sessions and even some gym workouts to later in the day. “For instance, our field sessions started at 4pm on both days, while Aled (Walters, SA Rugby’s head of athletic performance) also took the players for a gym workout at about 7.30pm on Monday.” Erasmus gave his squad a break yesterday. But the Springboks will have a late afternoon session at the Churchie Grammar School today, and they then round off preparations for the week tomorrow when the Captain’s Run is held at the match venue. It remains to be seen what changes Erasmus will ring to the team that lost to Argentina, when he announces his match day squad today. The Boks are under intense pressure to win against the Wallabies and Erasmus said he no longer had the luxury of trying out new players. “We had certain players that we wanted to try out against Australia. But now we have to get back to winning ways,” he said following the 32-19 defeat to the Pumas. “We wanted to win this game and give a few guys a chance against Australia. We can’t do that now.”