All roads headed to Thohoyandou, Venda in Limpopo this past weekend for the annual Phalaphala FM Royal Heritage Festival. The two-day festival is on it's 7th year now and it is truly a force to be reckoned with as it has placed Venda on the map when it comes to entertainment. The #RoyalHeritageFestival is rich in culture, music and lifestyle. This year, the festival hosted the biggest names in the South African music industry, including the finest Limpopo artists. Known as the prime place to be, and with an attraction of over 25 000 spectators, it has become part of life in Thohoyandou as it gives the audience a chance to get down and experience some of their favorite musicians and celebrities live of stage. The festival kicked off on Friday, 7 September at the Charis Missionery Church, Makwarela in Thohoyandou, Limpopo. The much anticipated gospel festival was headlined by multi-award winning first ever gospel star to Fill Up The Dome, Dr Tumi, Worship House, Benjamin Dube, Zaza, Rofhiwa Manyanga, Taki Ndou, Justice Nema, Palesa Ravele, Bishop Roxley Masevhe, Secret of Worship, Takie Sikwivhulu, Rapson Rambuwani, Jay Mbiza, Thili Maumela, Puluso Thenga, Zamo Dlamini, Thabelo Thavhanyedza, Tiyani Maluleke and Naphy M. The spectacular night was filled with a pure and incredible energy where all worshipers were gathered in song and praise. On Saturday, 8 September, it was the mother of all parties and the streets of Thohoyandou were abuzz! The #RoyalHeritageFestival was in full swing at Royal Gardens, Nandoni Dam in Thohoyandou, Limpopo. The music filled day was headlined by AKA, Colbert Mukwevho, Shekinah, Jonas Gwangwa, Zonke, Thomas Chauke, Afrotainment (DJ Tira, TipCee, Dladla Mshunqisi, SunEl, Busiswa, Mlindo The Vocalist, King Monada, Leornard Zhakatha, Team Mosha, Benny Mayengani, Zozo, Makhadzi, Sir Mckleker, Zamo Dlamini, Russian Army, Una Rams, Dupa, Kanakana Cook, Mazwale and Sungel. Keeping the crowd dancing throughout the day was DJs Shimza, Speedsta, Ganyani, Zinhle, VJ Nutty and for Venrap Power Hour will be Bhamba, Ramseey, Rachakill, Prifix, Bomo, Batondy and Jack Bunny. The Surprise Act this year was none other than MZEKEZEKE! With no new music out, the crowd were thrilled to dance to Mzeke's throwback music. His performance was coupled with the firework extravaganza and that just made the night extra magical.    .   The festival organizer, Shandukani Nesengani said: “The Phalaphala FM Royal Gospel And Heritage Festival has been the apple of our eyes, seeing it’s growth and how it had placed Thohoyandou on the map has been fulfilling. Nothing beats the unity of the people of Venda as they have been welcoming and enjoying with us all these years. This year promises to be bigger and better with a solid line-up and over two days some of the greatest artists that our country has to offer. A big thank you to His Majesty King Mphemphu Ramabulana, Phalaphala FM and SABC 2 for allowing us to reach our full potential." Check out the images from this amazing fest: 