AN improved purse is the only thing that stands in the way of the much-anticipated clash between former world champion Malcolm “The Stone” Klaasen and unbeaten prospect Azinga “Golden Boy” Fuzile. The clash is expected to take place at the Orient Theatre in East London, Eastern Cape, on 21 October. Local fans were over the moon when they heard that Klassen would challenge Fuzile for his IBF continental Africa belt. But they should not be quick to celebrate because the challenger [The Stone] has not signed on the dotted line yet. The 36-year-old from Toekomsrus in Randfontein, on the West Rand, wants Rumble Africa Promotions to dig a little deeper into their pockets before he can seal the deal. The Stone told SunSport: “This is not personal. It is purely business decision. There’s no beef whatsoever. “The only thing I want is for the promoter to improve their offer, then I can fight Fuzile anytime. “It’s not like I’m unreasonable. I think I deserve better. My nickname is ‘The Stone’ but I’m not someone’s stepping stone.” He went on: “There are talks already doing the rounds that this boy [Fuzile] will beat me. “They say I’m a one-dimensional fighter who is aggressive, but but forward come like a pit bull, however they don’t know that I do my preparations based on the next opponent’s style,” the pugilist explained. The Stone took a swipe at Fuzile’s manager Colin Nathan, saying they must underestimate him at their own peril. “I’m the type of a fighter you must never underrate. This goes to this boy’s manager Nathan for saying this boy will beat me. If he has a problem he must just say it. “It’s not worth it to go and fight in the Eastern Cape’s hostile environment for a pauper purse. “I know how they work. In East London you have to stop your opponent if you want to win,” he said. The seasoned fighteronce held three world titles IBF, IBO twice and WBF on his nineteen year boxing career. He was relatively unknown in the boxing world until he challenged and defeated Gairy St. Clair for the International Boxing Federation Super featherweight title back in 2006.He lost his belt in his first defense against unheralded Mzonke Fana.