This year, The Wedding Expo in association with Sun International, will be taking place in Johannesburg on the 29th and 30th September 2018 at the Sun Park at Carnival City. This bespoke event venue is a perfect match for The Wedding Expo and promises to be nothing short of spectacular. The Wedding Expo has been running since 2002 and hosts four exhibitions a year. The team works all year to promote the bridal industry within South Africa and they have to date organised 37 successful bridal exhibitions. There is so much preparation and passion that goes into organising your wedding day, The Wedding Expo is there to help ensure it’s your most memorable! With the most comprehensive and creative bridal exhibitors in the country, all showcasing a wide variety of wares and services and bringing with them a wealth of knowledge, this is the event that will ensure your day is without doubt the start of your ‘happily ever after’. At the Wedding Expo you’ll find everything from the perfect stationery, beautiful blooms and breath-taking wedding gowns to gorgeous jewellery, tantalising table décor and hedonistic honeymoons. Also on hand will be South Africa’s top wedding planners, photographers and caterers, each with a wealth of experience, expertise and advice on how to tailor your wedding to your individual needs. “As a digital wedding planning platform we decided to take a stand at The Wedding Expo in the hope that we could gain exposure to thousands of people in a short period of time. Our main aim was to gain a spike in users/customers on our platform. We indeed achieved our goal and more!” says Bruce Kay, co-founder of Bloom Weddings. “We were pleasantly surprised at what we achieved in August 2017 and as a result have committed to all 4 shows in 2018. We found the physical presence at TWE not only helped us gain exposure, but also engaging with that amount of people helped give us the assurance that our business is very relevant and got wonderful feedback from the aspiring couples.” “Whether the thought of planning a wedding excites or terrifies you, you will find everything you need at The Wedding Expo all under one roof, making the entire planning process much easier. From a small and intimate event to a large glamorous affair, there are so many wonderful ideas to help you create the wedding of your dreams. As the premier bridal expo, The Wedding Expo attracts the largest number of service providers in one venue,” says Amanda Cunningham, The Wedding Expo’s Managing Director. If you visit The Wedding Expo at the Sun Park at Carnival City then you are also eligible to enter the incredible “Win a Wedding” competition – this is certainly a bride’s dream come true! You can also expect to be wowed by the beautiful wedding dress couture during the two daily Fashion Shows, have your tastebuds enticed at the Cake Tasting Stand, gain valuable menu insight during the Foodie Fest Chef demonstrations by Hanroe Erasmus, Executive Chef of The Palace Hotel at Sun City Resort, as well as music thorughout the day on the outside stage. These all promise to be highlights to help plan and enjoy your special day.JohannesburgDates: 29th and 30th September 2018Venue: Sun Park at Carnival City Casino & HotelTickets: R80 per adult and R 30 per child (2 -12 years) person online at TicketPro or at the doorTime: 9am to 5pm dailyVisit www.wedding-expo.co.za for more information. - Supplied