TWO WHISTLE BLOWERS, known only as Stan and John, have emerged as the real heroes in the GuptaLeaks saga. They guarded their explosive information with their lives. BUT THE LONG ROAD TO THE TRUTH SEEMS TO BE HEADING INTO THE HOME STRETCH. The #Guptaleaks emails that expose the web of corruption between the Gupta brothers and government officials took centre stage at the Commission of Inquiry into State Capture in Parktown, Joburg yesterday. Evidence leaders submitted that the emails should be admitted as evidence by the commission. The commission heard how the emails obtained from the Gupta’s software company Sahara were secured and forensically copied before being made available to journalists. The whistleblowers were introduced to activist lawyer Brian Currin, who took the stand yesterday. Currin told the commission he had met Stan through Save SA campaigner Mark Heywood. He testified how Stan and John feared for their lives and preferred that the emails only be published once they had left the country. Currin said he and Stan, together with journalists, went to great lengths to ensure the safety of the emails which were contained in three hard drives. At some stage they were approached by Americans who told him they were investigating the Guptas and wanted to get their hands on the emails. They only agreed to give them a copy but refused to hand over the original, which he said was fragile as it was damaged and needed to be repaired. Currin said after several meetings, some of which were with American authorities and commission representatives, he handed the copies to the commission. Stan worked with John on 300 000 emails. Stan didn’t read them all, but came across information to implicate the Guptas, Duduzane Zuma, Ashu Chawla and people in state owned entities. Currin received two hard drives on 1 March last year. Currin said they needed people with expertise on Gupta affairs and decided to contact journalists from Daily Maverick and AmaBhungane. Then the Sunday Times broke the story. “That expedited things. Stan and John had to leave the country sooner rather than later.” Currin said political events in the country such as the election of President Cyril Ramaphosa and the appointment of deputy chief justice Raymond Zondo as chairman of the commission were all positive indicators of a credible, inquisitorial judicial process. Earlier, evidence leader Paul Pretorius told commission chairman Zondo there was an application for electronic data to be admitted as evidence. Pretorius said the application was brought by the commission’s lead investigator Terence Nombembe. Pretorius said though the original hard drive was damaged the copies were authentic because they were a replica of the original hard drive. “The experts who have examined the emails say they are authentic. They are not fake and could not be faked,” he said.