WORLD Suicide Day was on Monday, 10 September but it is a problem that affects many people all year round. Depression is growing year by year and as it grows, so the suicide figures rise. This is why South African Depression and Anxiety Group (Sadag) is a problem that we all need to be aware about. The threat of depression has long been waved away or laughed off as emotional nonsense but the shock of the sudden suicides of respected people such as Professor Bongani Mayosi, American fashion designer Kate Spade and celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain has stunned the world. All of them were at the top of their game, they were experts in their fields and were surrounded by fans, friends and family. Sadag, through World Suicide Awareness Day, is pushing for awareness of the warning signs of suicide. It provides free expert help online at their Facebook page as well as providing a space where the survivors of suicide victims can share, connect and get help. “Suicide devastates people, families and communities. We need to help people before it is too late,” said a group statement. Sadag’s helplines are full of stories of youths broken by abuse, rape and depression, or adults struggling with losing their jobs, their finances, marriages or just the constant danger of daily living in South Africa. In Mzansi, one in three people will suffer, are suffering or have suffered mental illness. Every day 23 people commit suicide, with another 460 attempting suicide. Light at the end One major factor which does reduce depression and suicide is caring for a pet. So many people know the joy of greeting a loving pet at the end of a busy or rough day. Pets provide a valuable therapy that has amazing results in depression management. Dr Guy Fyvie, Hill’s Pet Nutrition nutritional advisor, said: “There’s a range of evidence showing that pets reduce stress, anxiety and depression in people. In some cases, pets even cure it. People with pets are happier, interact more with others and are less likely to visit the doctor.” Pets improve their pet parents’ self-esteem and social skills.