Mzansi actor and choreographer Nyaniso Dzedze has let the world in on his masturbation addiction. The 32 year-old revealed that he had been addicted to “jacking off” for years but is now recovering. The Ashes to Ashes actor revealed all this after a friend had posed the question, “Do you jack off?” on their Facebook group. “I used to jack off tons,” he replied, “I used to jack off lank hard. I used to pretend that I'm sick on Sundays so my mom would leave me at home alone and I would jack off all day. “More recently i would jack off from Saturday night till Sunday afternoon without a wink of sleep.” He said that he would go days without sleeping, just caught up in his daily masturbation routine. “I did this periodically for years. I started around 16 until at 30,” he said. “I was an addict, I would say I am recovering now. “I think I cancelled on friends once or twice in those years to jacking off.” The actor said he used masturbation as a way of briefly dealing with “unattended demons” he had within him and no amount of shaming would make him stop. “It was only when I started using emotional tools that addressed the root of my hurt. “The more I worked on the heart of the problem, the less I needed porn and jacking off to feel better. “Since I started moving my inner instability about two and half years ago I must have gone to porn and jacked off a few times rehabilitating, but I am not an addict anymore, he added. “I don't need it anymore.” * YOUR POWER PRT. 2 Recently on an amazing Facebook group. The question:"DO YOU JACK OFF? If so to porn? And what affect does it have on your life?" Me: I used to jack off tons. I used to jack off lank hard. I used to pretend that I'm sick on sundays so my mom would leave me at home alone and I would jack off all day (then I'd pray and repent all night before school). More recently i would jack of from saturday night till sunday afternoon without a wink of sleep. Screens are addictive enough and the activity will screw with your brain, making you think it doesn't need sleep, now combine that with sex (Porn) and I could litterally go days without sleep... just stroking, eating, pissing shitting, stroking. I did this periodically for years since I started around 16 till 30. I was an addict. I would say I am recovering now. I think I cancelled on friends once or twice in those years to jacking off. I one day (14years later) realized I was dealing with unattended demons (unresolved emotional traumas sitting in me). That I didn't know what esle to do with my unresolved shit except jack off and briefly feel different about them. No amount of being shamed, told "you're throwing your life away", "You're trash", "You're stupid", "you're going to burn in hell" helped change anything. I had said all of that stuff to myself already. All of the shame of hearing it from someone else (whether a priest, friend or coach) only made me feel worse and gave me more of reason to go back to it. It was only when I started using emotional tools that addressed the root of my hurt. The more I worked on the heart of the problem, the less I needed porn and jacking off to feel better. since I started moving my inner instabilty about, two and half years ago I must have gone to porn and jacked off a few times rehabilitating, but I am not an addict anymore... I don't need it anymore. I feel different about muself now. I look at women different. I hold women different. I allow myself to love different. Porn and jacking off is a crutch. the actual issue is what its helping you feel less traumer around. It's the same as any other addiction or crutch I've come to find. We pacify. A post shared by  Nyaniso Ntsikelelo Dzedze (@nyanisodzedze) on Sep 11, 2018 at 10:07pm PDT  