ORLANDO PIRATES striker Ayanda Nkosi, who is currently on loan at Jomo Cosmos, wants to revive his fading career in the National First Division (NFD). Nkosi had been inactive for almost a year. The 25-year-old player burst into the scene in 2016 when he was signed by Free State Stars from the University of Joburg varsity football team. His promising display saw him being snatched by the Soweto giants after spending six months with Ea Lla Koto. But since his arrival at the Buccaneers, Nkosi failed to impress and struggled to become a regular feature in their attack. Last season, he only played twice, when he came in as a substitute. Earlier this month, Nkosi joined Cosmos with the hopes of reviving his career. He made his memorable debut in the NFD, scoring during Cosmos’ 2-2 draw with TS Galaxy in Mpumalanga. Talking to SunSport, Nkosi said being in the NFD would help him regain his form and confidence. He said: “Life has been tough since I joined Orlando Pirates, as I struggled to break into the team.   But I’ve been granted an opportunity to prove my worth. “I want to showcase my talent and prove that what I did at Stars was not a fluke.   I started well, scoring on my Cosmos debut. My aim is to do well this season and ensure that next season I go back to the Premier Soccer League.” Nkosi will be leading the front-line when Ezenkosi host TS Sporting at Vosloorus Stadium,  as they continue with their search for first three points of the campaign. Kick-off is today at 3pm. Cosmos have one loss and one draw. Nkosi believes there’s still time as the team are still trying different combinations following wholesale changes made by owner and coach Jomo Sono at the end of last season. “We had a fairly good start of the new season, but we’ll need to get our act together before it’s too late,” he stated.It will always be tough because there’s no easy team, everyone wants results in the NFD.” “As a team we just need to be focused try to get results to avoid pressure.” Today’s fixtures: . Jomo Cosmos v TS Sporting (Vosloorus Stadium); . Uthongathi FC v Ubuntu Cape Town (Princess Magogo Stadium); . Richards Bay v Royal Eagles (Umhlathuze Sports Complex)