Bafana Bafana chances of qualifying for Cameroon 2019 Africa Cup of Nations took a blow when they failed to secure maximum points in their first home 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Libya on Saturday. Bafana were held to a disappointing 0-0 draw by Libya at Durban's Moses Mabhida Stadium. Stuart Baxter charges went to this game needing maximum points to enhance their chances of going to next years Afcon. But their goalless draw leave them second with four points in their Group E, Libya are at the top with same number of point. They are only separated by the goal difference. Libya enjoyed the better of the chances throughout the 90 minutes and were unfortunate not to lead at half-time. Bafana did create some opportunities to score although they lacked authority in their attacking play and it ended 0-0 in Durban.The away side had the better of the chances in the final third during the first half, though Dean Furman came close to handing Bafana the lead in the opening exchanges. After stealing possession just in front of Libya's penalty area he sent a delightful lob just over the visiting goalkeeper, that bounced on to the top of the net. Nonetheless, the Mediterranean Knights gained the momentum as a cross from the left found Al-Shadi on the right, however, he saw his strike saved well by Itumeleng Khune at his near post. The North Africans were incredibly close to taking the advantage as a superb driven cross from the left found commanding striker Abdul Salam, but his strike went over Khune and hit the post. It was virtually one-way traffic in terms of goal-mouth action as Ali Mohamed unleashed a 30-yard screamer which Khune had to be sharp to save to his left. After the interval, Bradley Grobler was brought on for the ineffective Vincent Pule though he managed little impact in the second 45 minutes. The hosts came close to an opening goal soon after in the second period as Buhle Mkhwanazi headed over. Towards the end of the half Khune nearly produced a howler which allowed Mohamed a chance to strike, but the defence were able to scramble back and clear. Keagan Dolly nearly scored the winner late on although he saw his right-footed strike sail over after cutting inside his man on the left-hand side.