CALL it sheer luck – or hard work! SuperSport United are in the MTN8 Cup final and they’re in it to win it! But Cape Town City FC are also tired of being the “bridesmaids” and never the bride, and look to strike R8 million worth of gold this time. All this makes for an exciting “MTN8 Cup Act II” showdown between these two cup antagonists at Moses Mabhida Stadium tomorrow (7pm). Standing on the cusp of cup glory, Matsatsantsa a Pitori owe their place to AmaZulu, however. Coach Kaitano Tembo has played down this fact, although he acknowledged that “Ndoro-gate” made possible his team’s ascension into the competition via the courts. His City counterpart, Benni McCarthy, could have been facing different opponents tomorrow, had the courts not stripped Ajax Cape Town of points for fielding Tendai Ndoro. Said Tembo: “It was a little dicey. People say we came through the backdoor but I don’t see it that way. To finish seventh we collected points. If we had drawn or lost our last game, we would not be in the top eight.” Tembo, to his credit, has made the most of their opportunity, knocking out Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs on the way to the final. It hasn’t been easy for McCarthy either, who had to see off tricky Maritzburg United and league champions Mamelodi Sundowns. Like Tembo, McCarthy is eyeing his maiden trophy after he came agonisingly close against the same team last season. He is armed with a fired-up Ayanda Patosi and surrounded by a group of hungry players who won’t sit back and allow successive cup final heartbreaks to happen. “This time we have to win. We’ve put in lots of hard work and effort, and deserve to win a final,” said McCarthy. “We don’t want to become that team that gets to finals but cannot get over the line. We have played United four times, so it’s more or less the same personnel they’ve played.” Tembo, on the other hand, is spoiled for choice in attack and only have to pick the most lethal from his heavy artillery. “That is what you need because you win matches by scoring goals,” Tembo said. “I’m very happy with Bradley Grobler, Evans (Rusike) and James (Keene) for getting the goals in recent matches. They have responded well (to the rotation) and we hope they continue.”