BEGGARS can’t be choosers – and right now Bafana Bafana are beggars! So says outspoken Bafana legend, Benni McCarthy, as he calls for the return of Tokelo Rantie to the national team fold. McCarthy, now coach of Cape Town City, reasons that Bafana could do with experience and talent of internationals such as Rantie. The Citizens signed the talented but errant former Bournemouth and Genclerbirligi striker on transfer deadline day on Friday. But Rantie has had run-ins with Safa in the past, snubbing Bafana call-ups, leading to his unofficial suspension from the national team. “We could use all the resources and the players that we have for Bafana. Beggars can’t be choosers and Bafana at the moment are beggars,” said McCarthy. “We can get him firing on all cylinders. It hurts when you sit at home, watching the World Cup featuring teams like Tunisia and Senegal, who never used to be better than us. Those guys (Sadio Mane and Kouyate) compete at the highest level. And our players? Only God knows where they are during that time. “We want South Africa back playing in prestigious tournaments, against the best in the world. “But for that to happen, we need to have the best players available in the national team.” McCarthy guided City to the MTN8 Cup final at the expense Mamelodi Sundowns on Sunday. The Citizens coach admits, however, that the 27-year-old Rantie could take some time to regain full fitness. Rantie hasn’t played competitively since he last featured for Turkish side Genclerbirligi in October last year. But McCarthy said he would be working closely with the medical staff during the Fifa international break to get the striker firing. “My main priority is to get him fit as soon as possible because I know once he gets going, he’ll be unstoppable,” McCarthy added. “Yes, he has hit a bit of a rough patch. But everybody does in life and ‘TK’ can be excused. With the help of my fitness coach and medical stuff, I’ll bring out the best in him! “And it’s not only Cape Town City that will benefit, Bafana Bafana will benefit too. “Regardless of what any coach has against him, when he starts banging in the goals . . . How can any national team coach deny a chance to a player who could help us qualify for the World Cup – which we can’t seem to get right?”