The data regarding the risk of transmission of disease is shaky at best. And the studies are nothing new, either. In 2011, the American College of Gastroenterology released an investigation into the transmission of blood-borne diseases at barbershops. It found that although there was potential for contracting hepatitis B, if instruments were not sterilised properly, more research had to be done. In 2014, dermatologist Nonhlanhla Khumalo warned people to bring their hair clippers to the barbershop. This after Nonhlanhla, who conducted two studies on the risks of getting a chiskop, found that 25% of African men bled when their hair was cut. She and a group of 10 researchers wrote the article “Blood and Virus Detection on Barber Clippers”. The study found that methylated spirits were not enough to sterilise shaving equipment. After the investigation was concluded, barbers were encouraged to use a steriliser or antiviral spray on hair-cutting equipment. But she added that the “the risk of transmission of blood-borne infection via haircuts was likely to be low, but required formal quantification.” Speaking to SunBuzz, general doctor Kamogelo Mphelo said it was impossible for hair clippers to cause any sexually transmitted diseases because proper salons used specific products to sanitise their machines. Said Kamogelo: “When it comes to diseases like hepatitis B and HIV, there has to be contamination of blood, and that doesn’t happen when one goes to cut their hair. “Even when they trim you and you find yourself bleeding, it can’t be that the blood will cause the disease, as the machines burn the blood. “They clean their machines to prevent germs, and because that is their process, I have never dealt with an incident where a person claimed they went to the barbershop and came back with a disease of some sort.” Thabiso Ngwenya said he didn’t believe the news about hepatitis B and HIV being caused by hair clippers because at school he was taught that HIV was transmitted only through sexual intercourse. Insisted Thabiso: “This whole issue instills fear. Now, we fear having sex because of sicknesses and now it’s shaving our heads, which I think is farfetched as the blood needs to be warm for the transmission to happen.” He said he couldn’t shave his head by himself and didn’t trust anyone else except his barber. On the other hand, Lebohang Nkwe is very careful. Asserted Lebohang: “I bought a set of hair clippers when the news broke late 2015. I didn’t know how to use it, but I told myself I’d. “Now, I’m the best haircutter around and I only shave myself and no one else. “It’s better to be safe because you can’t trust anyone these days.” 