“When you stand and
share your story in an empowering way, your story will heal you and your story
will heal somebody else.”  ? Iyanla
Vanzant In the book of Mark 5:1-20, There’s a story of how Jesus
saves a demon possessed man, he says to the man after saving him, in verse 19, “...
Go home to your family and tell them how much the Lord has done for you...”.
Whenever Jesus healed someone he always encouraged that they go out and share
their story of how Jesus changed their life. I’ve recently been inspired to share my story, and I hope
from reading this you will be encouraged too. This is the story of how God
pursued me. I will try and keep this as short as possible and paraphrase
things, and for the sake of protecting people, I will not go into too much
detail. I grew up in a Christian home, went to church every Sunday,
I was taught to believe and to have faith. I had a relationship with God
growing up but it was more of only spending time with Him on a Sunday morning
at church and praying to Him whenever I needed help. As I got older, I started
backsliding. Backsliding in the Christian faith means when you’ve gone
astray from the narrow path. However the type of backsliding I was in was the
backsliding in my heart. I was still in church every Sunday but my heart was so
far away from the things of God. I was somebody who walked around with a huge
mask on my face; I had one foot in the world and one foot in the church. I was
a complete different person in the world and in the church. As the years went by, I Knew God was telling me that I had
to choose the type of life that I wanted, and He always managed to show me how
my life would be if I just chose Him and surrendered completely. During this
time God was very patient with me. But the more I fell deep into sin, the more
I experienced sins consequences in my life. My parents got divorced when I was 10 years old, from the
age of 12 I grew up witnessing domestic violence. From the age of 14 I started
drinking and attending house parties.  I
was sexually abused at the age of 16. From the age of 17, I was in and out of
relationships. When I was 21 I experienced the hardest heartbreak ever that led
me to a life of promiscuity and debauchery. At the age of 21 again my family
and I went through the toughest financial draught ever. We literally only ate
once a day and I would ask my friends to complete my school assignments at
their houses because we had no electricity, this was the same age when I had to
drop out of university. My life in debauchery lead me to very compromising and
dangerous situations. From trying to get a job as a stripper, to almost
becoming a prostitute and being in and out of a relationship with a married man
that lasted for two years. But God’s hand was always upon me. At the age of 22 God changed my life around. I joined a new
church and started my dream job. Both my church and my job saved my life. And
day by day and month by month I started running more towards God and away from
the world. I use to be so broken and lost, I felt like I never
belonged, I felt abandoned, rejected and alone. I felt unworthy, I never
respected myself, I had a low self esteem, I suffered from depression and
anxiety,  but the more I grew in my
relationship with God and still continue to do so, the more I turned away from
my life of sin and still continue to do so. God changed me and He’s still
changing me. I no longer am lost, I am worthy and enough. I believe that I am
well able, beautiful and strong. I no longer need validation from any man. I am not perfect, and I never will be. I have been lost and
found and will probably be lost again. But one thing that I am sure of is that
God had always been pursuing me. He was always there, chasing me, calling me
back to Him. And He still continues to do so whenever I fall off the straight and
narrow path, He’s there, chasing me and calling me back to Him. God is still
working on me and I am so excited to see where my story will go, since He never
gave up on me. I’m here to tell you that That Jesus is the way, the truth
and the life, and that He has the power to change your life the way he did to
mine. I know that I’m not the only person in this world who was hurting, we
live in a broken world with broken people but there is a solution. Maybe you
too feel lost, empty, broken and need a way out. Jesus is your solution. If you would like to
change your life today, pray with prayer with me: Father, I acknowledge that
you are the way maker, God of the universe.  I believe that you sent your son Jesus Christ
on earth to die for my sins so that I can be free from sin.  I ask you Father that you forgive me and
change my life. Make me brand new, change my heart and change my ways. Teach me
to walk into the life that you destined me to live, teach me to love you and to
love your church. In Jesus name I pray, Amen. If you prayed this prayer, I would like to encourage you to
join a Holy Spirit filled local church and become a member under submission to
a Pastor. If you would like help finding a church or would like to share your
story with me and the rest of the sun family, you can email me at nomazwi.majola@media24.com. God
bless. 