 PSL chairman Irvin Khoza has practically called for a review of the Safety at Sports and Recreational Events (Sasrea) Act to curb spectator violence at stadiums.This is in light of the ugly scenes at Moses Mabhida Stadium when fans went on a rampage after Kaizer Chiefs lost to Free State Stars in their Nedbank Cup semifinal on Saturday.Khoza condemned the incidents of violence and called for the arrest and prosecution of perpetrators.But he put the Sasrea Act in the spotlight, which provides for measures to safeguard the physical well-being and safety of people and property at sports events held at stadiums.The role of the Venue Operation Centre (VOC) – where the safety and security operation in respect of the event is co-ordinated – also came under scrutiny.Saturday’s incident exposed shortcomings in the Sasrea Act, which limits the powers of the PSL in the organising of events.“It is a fact that the public safety risk at football matches has been escalating and it was incumbent on the PSL in its capacity, both as a controlling body and occasionally event organiser, to bring to the attention of the sports minister the involvement of the SAPS (South African Police Service), which is impacting negatively on the compliance with Sasrea,” said Khoza.“The league also raised shortfalls regarding the inconsistent practical implementation of Sasrea by certain components of the SAPS.”Khoza acknowledged pockets of excellence in the state’s security detail.But he also identified the following concerning issues, which he said they had raised with the minister.Failure by the authorised VOC commander of the police to ensure adequate policing and the deployment of state security officials commensurate with the stature of the match as provided for by Section 24 of Sasrea. A lack of budget, resources and overtime policies were apparently why this did not happen. The police have a legislated responsibility in terms of both Section 205 of the constitution and Sasrea to provide adequate policing at medium and high-risk football matches and ensuring necessary measures and deployment. That is why police officials that chair the events and security planning committee are VOC commanders and in terms of Sasrea retain ultimate responsibility for direct measures relating to safety at professional matches. Section 205 of the constitution places on the police, among other responsibilities, the prevention, combating and investigation of crime to maintain public order, protect the general public and their property, and uphold and enforce the law. The events and safety committee is often left up in the air until the last minute as far as the confirmation by the police or VOC regarding the number of police officials to be deployed to provide adequate policing at matches. Unfortunately, this often occurs at capacity matches such as the one at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday. Matches categorised as high-risk require much higher levels of state security involvement. In many cases authorised members and VOC commanders are not ensuring that proper event safety plans are prepared in a timely fashion. These assessments are often left until the eve of the match, and increasing and incorrect expectations on the part of the police that private security and safety stewards, which the league are required by law to deploy at matches, must carry the responsibility of the constitution and of Sasrea themselves. “It must be remembered that private security officers are not police officers. They do not have the powers of arrest. They are not specifically trained to maintain public order,” Khoza said.He said there would be a thorough and expeditious investigation into the incident and the events leading up to it, in terms of league’s administrative misconduct and prosecution procedures.And he insisted the Sasrea Act should be enforced.Said Khoza: “At the start of the invasion, we didn’t see the deployment of public policing for these violent incidents. The VOC is the only who can command it. We haven’t started implementing the Act.” the PSL chairman providing guarantees. Not even Chiefs fans will be closed out of the stadium in Undlondlo Road, KwaMashu, which can accommodate 12 000 supporters. However, it goes without saying that Amakhosi supporters will be under serious scrutiny from the police. Following an incident similar to this one last season involving Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates, Bucs were hit with a hefty punishment – they will play Bidvest Wits tomorrow behind closed doors, with not a single fan allowed inside the stadium. That kind of punishment may still become a reality for Chiefs but it won’t affect tonight’s match. At a special media conference held at the PSL’s head offices in Joburg yesterday, Khoza confirmed that tonight’s match would go ahead as planned. It remains to be seen, though, how Chiefs supporters behave, having achieved their goal of getting rid of the person who had seemingly become Amakhosi’s No 1 enemy, Komphela. Amakhosi assistant coach Patrick Mabedi was appointed caretaker coach yesterday and will occupy the hot seat when they clash with Clinton Larsen’s charges and attempt to finish as high in the league as possible. It is a fact that fourth placed Amakhosi will end this season without any silverware for the third season in a row. Their only consolation would be finishing third – but they have to contend with Maritzburg United, who are currently in that position, and Ea Lla Koto, who are in fifth place. Finishing third would at least give Amakhosi a chance to play in Africa in the Caf Confederation Cup. The Arrows match is therefore crucial to Chiefs but also to Abafana Bes’thende, who are not completely safe from the drop zone. Arrows are in 12th place and still have an outside chance of earning a top eight spot, but that would require them winning all three their remaining matches, starting with this one tonight. Condemning the acts of barbarism and hooliganism at Moses Mabhida Stadium, Kaizer Chiefs chairman Kaizer Motaung said venting frustration through rampant thuggery was totally unacceptable. “We pride ourselves on having knowledgeable fans and we respect their right to express their dissatisfaction with the team’s performance. The key tenet of loyalty is showing unity and standing together in solidarity when the going gets tough.”