Mayoral mansion proceeds ON November 23 2017, the mayoral mansion, through an auction was sold for R5,1 million. The proceeds made from the Mayoral Mansion have been earmarked to build 40 RDP houses, inclusive of land and services, for well deserving families in Atteridgeville Ext 19, where the city is currently installing service stands. It doesn’t end here, not only are we providing homes to deserving families but we are also contributing to the creation of work opportunities, as the construction project will create employment in the community and benefit local families. We believe this will promote full community participation and involvement in the building of their homes and promote a sense of ownership and pride. Workers will be trained on construction and professional work areas and be provided with skills which will be useful in the future The selection process will focus on the provision of homes to well deserving families in need of housing from different sectors of the community. This is in line with the city’s vision of creating integrated communities. This selection process will also be guided by the National Housing Code, which includes prioritizing the: These are some of the beneficiaries who will benefit from the proceeds of the mayoral mansion.  WE have prioritized giving dignity to our people by accelerating the distribution of title deeds. Ensuring that property owners have the legal surety enshrining their home ownership is a critical economic intervention. We are now at 90% of the target of 6 000 title deeds, having issued out 4 417 as of February 2018. In the next coming weeks, before the financial year end we will be in various parts of the city continuing with our programme of issuing title deeds and promoting security of tenure. These areas include Nellmapius Ext. 6, 7 and 8 where we will be issuing 390 title deeds. We also have Refiloe 1 where 79 households will be receiving theirs and Mamelodi ward 16 where will be issuing 402 title deeds. Formalisation of informal settlements THE following informal settlements have benefitted through the incremental upgrading of: informal settlements process:      