BUOYANT Themba Zwane reckons experience and guts will see Mamelodi Sundowns through in the championship race. Top of the table with 52 points, the Brazilians are not cruising yet, as closest rivals Orlando Pirates, with 49 points, are still breathing down their necks. But that gap could widen again should Sundowns see off on-form Golden Arrows in their Absa Premiership fixture at Loftus Versfeld tonight (7.30pm). Zwane says no amount of pressure or levels of anxiety could derail the Downs juggernaut at this crucial stage of the race. “We’ve been in this situation before and we know what it takes to win the league,” said Zwane. “We know what we are facing. We are used to the pressure and are ready to face this situation once more. It’s all down to hard work – taking our chances and keeping it solid at the back. Discipline also counts. “Coach Pitso (Mosimane) says we must go for it and we are going for it.” Zwane marked his return to the Sundowns starting lineup with a sweetly taken goal against Bidvest Wits at the weekend. The Bafana Bafana midfielder’s game took a slight dip midway through the season, but Zwane credits extra hard work for the significant improvement. The goal set the Brazilians on the path to a crucial 2-0 win, which ensured they maintain pole position in the two-horse race. Zwane is eyeing his second league medal, having bagged the first two seasons ago. “I’ve been pushing myself to improve my game,” he said. “The technical team has been encouraging me, and winning a second league title would be a huge achievement for me. I’ve been fortunate to crack a spot in this team and I take no opportunity for granted. “People said I’d never play in the star-studded Sundowns team when I first arrived. But I look back at my achievements, which includes the Champions League, with pride. I’ve learned a lot from the likes of Surprise Moriri and Cheeseboy Mokoena.” Arrows are often a tricky team for Downs, not least when they come into the match also under tremendous pressure in the bottom half of the table. Abafana Bes’thende have collected eight points out of possible 15 in their last five matches and will be in no mood to be charitable. But Mosimane can’t wait to wrap up the title, stating: “I think we need seven points from here on out. Mathematically, we need seven points. Hopefully it’s decided early.”