AFTER almost two years the Capital is in a good state. THE council chamber has been a place of vigorous debate over the last few months, all of which contributes to strengthening governance in the city. During the 2016 election campaign, we made a promise to turn this city around; to stop corruption, deliver better services and create job and work opportunities for our people. As the DA-led multi-party government we continue to deliver on the promises we made to the city’s residents. It is a fact that we inherited a cash-strapped city where not enough provision was made to address the service delivery backlog that threatens the dignity of our people, who continue to languish in poor circumstances. Understanding all these challenges it was important that we worked smartly with the limited resources at our disposal. That required us to focus our attention on our priorities which are informed by the will of the people who we were elected to serve. Noting that we have just concluded the commemoration of Human Rights Month it is important to take stock of the principles that led us to this point in our democracy and remind ourselves of what our responsibility is as functionaries of local government. Section 152 of the Constitution of the Republic is where local governments, like ours, find expression and intent. Local governments are charged with the onerous task to: When the new DA-led administration took office in Tshwane in August 2016, we developed three guiding principles that would steer the focus of our work. Stabilise, Revitalise and Deliver, each of which would unroll during the terms of the administration. OUR finances are in good standing. Since taking over the running of the city, cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year improved from R1,1 billion in 2015/16 financial year to R2,1 billion in 2016/17 financial year. Unauthorized expenditure reduced from R1,6 billion in the financial year 2015/16 to R634 million in the 2016/17. The stabilisation of the Capital’s finances is the critical foundation on which to continue making progress in the delivery of services to our people. This will, in turn, be to the benefit of attracting investment into our beautiful city. Last month we tabled our draft pro-poor Budget and Integrated Development Plan (IDP) to Council for public participation. The draft IDP and budget which is currently out for public comment had our residents in mind. Particularly those who are from poorer backgrounds and live in poorer areas of the city. This will ensure that all our people, rich or poor, get access to the service delivery to which they are entitled and opportunities to build a better life for themselves and their families. Similarly, our proposed budget is preoccupied with dealing with the inequalities in our society with the bulk of our Capital Expenditure earmarked for Regions 1, 2, 3, 6 and 7. These regions accommodate the poor population in the city which is mainly residing in the previously disadvantaged township areas. Projects are targeting provision of basic services in these areas. In doing this we will make it a priority that we engage region specific service delivery priorities and not a spray-gun approach which often achieves nothing and ends up being expensive. We urge our residents to participate in this process as we build the desired vision for 2030, that of a prosperous Capital city through fairness, freedom and opportunity together. In doing so we wish to announce that the City of Tshwane has developed an app that will be rolled out during this consultation process that seeks to modernize democratic participation in the changing times of technology. This is also to encourage our youth to participate in the running of the city they live in given that the largest contingent of students call Tshwane home. Some of the big projects for the 2018/19 financial year include the reduction of water losses management wherein we have budgeted R70 million in the 2018/19 financial year. R500 million will go towards electricity distribution upgrades on feeders, cables and lines, mini-substations. Upgrade of the waste water treatment works will cost R99 million in 2018/19, R190 million in the next year and R227 million in the third year. These are just some of the investments we are only happy to make, to ensure that our VIPs, the residents of this city receive the quality services they are entitled to.text OUR finances are in good standing. Since taking over the running of the city, cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year improved from R1,1 billion in 2015/16 financial year to R2,1 billion in 2016/17 financial year. Unauthorized expenditure reduced from R1.6 billion in the financial year 2015/16 to R634 million in the 2016/17. The stabilization of the Capital’s finances is the critical foundation on which to continue making progress in the delivery of services to our people. This will, in turn, be to the benefit of attracting investment into our beautiful city. Last month we tabled our draft pro-poor Budget and Integrated Development Plan (IDP) to Council for public participation. The draft IDP and budget which is currently out for public comment had our residents in mind. Particularly those who are from poorer backgrounds and live in poorer areas of the city. This will ensure that all our people, rich or poor, get access to the service delivery to which they are entitled and opportunities to build a better life for themselves and their families. Similarly, our proposed budget is preoccupied with dealing with the inequalities in our society with the bulk of our Capital Expenditure earmarked for Regions 1, 2, 3, 6 and 7. These regions accommodate the poor population in the City which is mainly residing in the previously disadvantaged township areas. Projects are targeting provision of basic services in these areas. In doing this we will make it a priority that we engage region specific service delivery priorities and not a spray-gun approach which often achieves nothing and ends up being expensive. We urge our residents to participate in this process as we build the desired vision for 2030, that of a prosperous Capital City through fairness, freedom and opportunity together. In doing so we wish to announce that the City of Tshwane has developed an app that will be rolled out during this consultation process that seeks to modernize democratic participation in the changing times of technology. This is also to encourage our youth to participate in the running of the city they live in given that the largest contingent of students call Tshwane home. Some of the big projects for the 2018/19 financial year include the reduction of water losses management wherein we have budgeted R70 million in the 2018/19 financial year. Some R500 million will go towards electricity distribution upgrades on feeders, cables and lines, mini-substations. Upgrade of the waste water treatment works will cost R99 million in 2018/19, R190 million in the next year and R227 million in the third year. These are just some of the investments we are happy to make, to ensure our VIPs, the residents of this city receive the quality services they are entitled to. 