Doctor Khumalo is not at Baroka FC to steal anyone’s job! Khumalo, who was initially hired as technical director, said he is not interested in the head coaching position at Bakgaga. He was in charge after underperforming Macdonald Makhubedu was demoted on Friday after the team’s last training session, on the eve of their Absa Premiership encounter against Bloemfontein Celtic. Bakgaga were held to a 2-2 draw by 10-man Phunya-Sele-Sele at the Peter Mokaba Stadium, Polokwane. Celtic played the last five minutes with a man down after Lucky Baloyi was sent off. Abdi Banda’s brace seemed to have guaranteed Baroka three points, but a goal from Sepane Letsoalo and Kabelo Dlamini’s equaliser denied them the victory. But does Khumalo want the job on a full-time basis? Why did he accept the responsibility of coaching the team in the first place? Khumalo said: “I was asked by the chairman, Khurishi Mphahlele and CEO Morgan Mammila to sit on the bench because of my experience. "I would have declined but I did it because I respect management. "But I’m going back to my role as technical director because I’m not interested in the coaching job.” There is a trend in South Africa for technical directors to take over coaching positions, but Khumalo said he is not interested in stabbing someone in the back. He went on: “Yes, I agree there is a trend in South Africa, but not with Doctor. I’m a straight forward person, I made it clear that I’m not here to take or steal someone’s job. I don’t take the bread out of someone’s mouth because it can also happen to me. I’m here to build, not to destroy.” When asked how it felt to be back on the bench Khumalo said: “It was a strange feeling. It’s been a while, I think four or five years now. But having spoken to a couple of PSL coaches to seek advice it gave me more confidence. The players showed me respect and understanding.” Baroka are 12th with 34 points with one game to go and they visit SuperSport United in their last league game on 12 May. 