Radio personalities, Sizwe Dhlomo and DJ Euphonik had it out in a mini twar on Twitter this week. In true Sizwe style, the mini twar started when he tried to correct someone else’s facts, in this case Euphonik’s. And of course, Euphonik is never one to back down from a challenge so he took Sizwe on, which ended up with Sizwe dropping some receipts. The fun began when Euphonik tried to advice his fans on Twitter by saying “We have the same 24hrs mates”. Sizwe was clearly not here for that advice and quickly refuted Euphonik’s claim. “Yes but we don’t have the same resources... A lumberjack with an axe & one with a chainsaw both have the same daylight. Who chops more though?” he asked. Euphonik then came through with his counter argument, saying that people should stop complaining. “You work and you stop moaning about your circumstances and you realise and appreciate that we ALL start somewhere. So choose how you spend your 24hrs,” he replied. And this is when things got really intense. So once upon a time, a local bank declined Euphonik’s loan application with which he wanted to finance his property business. The DJ took to Twitter at the time to complain and moan about how unfair the whole thing was. So now during his mini spat with Sizwe, the former 702 presenter, brought that little rant up. “Okay, remember when you tweeted that a bank didn’t want to finance one of your properties in Sandhurst & you felt that it was unfair? Were you moaning then? Did you not have 24hrs? We all start somewhere yes, but there’s a person who didn’t have to argue with a bank about such,” he said. Euphonic tried to defend himself from that fire tweet by saying that he wasn’t moaning, he used his 24 hours a day to work towards financing his projects. But Sizwe wouldn’t let go off his point. “The point here @euphonik is life is unfair. Some people start ahead of others. We need to appreciate this at all levels. This isn’t just about financial resources either BTW,” he said. Check out the tweets below to see how it ended.  