A CONSEQUENCE of joblessness is the proliferation of drugs and drug abuse which can ultimately lead to other forms of crime. In order to combat the scourge of drugs the city adopted an integrated and holistic approach which provides comprehensive and lasting solutions. We are deeply concerned about the scourge of drugs on our communities, particularly our youth. The continued use of drugs has left many people unproductive, pushing them further into poverty, or driving them deeper into drug-related crime and other illicit activity. This often includes theft which targets city infrastructure and leaves it damaged, which has devastating consequences for our ability to provide reliable services to our people. Realising a need for a specialized drug operations team, we immediately established the TMPD Anti-Drug Unit with the sole purpose of fighting and eliminating drug abuse in the communities of Tshwane. Members of the unit were given additional training and equipment to take this battle to the next level, and we are happy to say that across the city, drug lords and peddlers are now feeling the heat. However, the war on drugs will not be won by law enforcement alone, but has to include social interventions to prevent drug abuse while providing a safe haven for those who suffer the consequences of drugs and substance abuse. The city’s Health Department is currently funding the Department of Home Medicine at the University of Pretoria, who developed the evidence-based Community Oriented Substance Use Programme (COSUP). To date, over 2000 people were enrolled on the COSUP programme and more than 12 000 follow-up visits were conducted for intensive interventions. This excludes people reached through awareness and education campaigns. It is estimated that we have reached more than 40 000 people through outreach and education. As we speak, COSUP is also providing skills training to 92 rehabilitating substance users. This programme not only assists addicts to overcome their addiction, but also helps them to face the social and psychological challenges that contributed to their addiction. Every day, our 24-hour call centre, HOPELINE, takes calls and refers callers for assistance, and at the same time provides a basic transport service, accommodation, food and blankets in case of emergencies. Callers in need of support are also contacted and served by social workers who follow up on calls and ensure that the needs of callers are properly dealt with. HOPELINE is one of the five response interventions to fight the scourge of drug and substance abuse and we are pleased to announce that since the launch of the HOPELINE, the City of Tshwane has registered an increase in the number of calls and has dealt with all the pleas for help by those affected by drugs and drug abuse. From its launch in August 2018 until March 25 2018, the City of Tshwane has registered 422 calls from residents looking for help with respect to locating the nearest drug rehabilitation centres. In July 2017, we signed 23 service level agreements with NPOs dealing with drugs and substance abuse. Our preoccupation is to fight the drug problem while creating the opportunities for employment and productivity across the city. In July 2017, we also signed 23 service level agreements with NPOs dealing with drugs and substance abuse. We are committed to fighting drug and substance abuse problems to reverse the devastating impact it has on our communities. We will continue to fight the scourge of drugs while creating opportunities for employment and productivity across the city, so that those wishing to break the chains of addiction may too live a better life. 