AS the continent commemorates Africa Malaria Day on Wednesday, Limpopo reports that since the beginning of 2018, a total of 5482 malaria cases were reported in the province. The figure has gone down from the 6079 cases reported over the same period in 2017. Limpopo Health Spokesperson Neil Shikwambana said the Department of Health is encouraging communities and health care providers to be aware of malaria and not to delay seeking treatment and testing for malaria. “Malaria is endemic in the north eastern parts of Limpopo, with the transmission seasonal. Limited seasonal transmission also occurs in western Waterberg and parts of southern Sekhukhune. Cases are normally at its highest during the summer rainy season, with an increased number of cases reported between January and April”. Said Shikwambana He said while malaria transmission showed a gradual decline in Limpopo since 2000, Limpopo reported an increased transmission of malaria during 2017, with 17 765 cases reported between January and December 2017. This increase was part of a general upsurge of malaria in the SADC region. Shikwambana said while Limpopo has an effective indoor residual spraying programme, where all risk communities are sprayed annually by the Department, the 2017 upsurge promoted the Department to put additional measures in place to curb a similar upsurge. “In order to reduce the transmission of malaria, Limpopo Health has 42 malaria teams operational, to conduct the spraying of houses. Since August 2017, a total of 964,138 houses have been sprayed. As there was higher levels of transmission towards the end of the summer in 2017 (May 2017), steps were taken to continue with spraying later into the malaria season. Currently, malaria spray teams are still active with spraying in high risk communities in Mopani and Vhembe”. He said Africa Malaria Day is commemorated annually on the 25th of April. This day has been chosen by African governments committed to reverse the progression of malaria and meet the malaria-related UN Millennium Development Goals.