SECTION27 asked for R2 million in compensation for the suffering of the Komape family. But Judge Gerrit Muller in the Limpopo High Court saw things differently. IT’S NOT JUST ABOUT MICHAEL, IT’S ABOUT ALL PUPILS IN RURAL SCHOOLS IN LIMPOPO, SAID THE JUDGE. This comes after a two year wait since the Komape family began their quest for justice in their son’s tragic death. In the High Court in Polokwane yesterday, Judge Muller dismissed their claim, ordering that Michael’s siblings, 17-year-old twins Onicca and Maria, be paid R6 000 each.This was for future medical expenses. With the plight of other pupils in rural Limpopo in mind, the judge ordered a structural interdict to ensure that the basic education department supplies and installs safe, secure toilets in rural schools in Limpopo. “The case is not only about Michael and his family. The case is about the plight of all learners attending schools in the rural areas across the province of Limpopo,” said Muller in his judgment. The Limpopo Education Department was given until 30 July this year to submit a plan to the court on how it would be done. Spokesman for the basic education department, Elijah Mhlanga, said the department was “delighted” with the outcome. “We have noted the order that we have to provide information to the court. Fortunately that is information the Presidency had already ordered,” he added. Sheniece Linderboom, education attorney for Section27, said they are extremely disappointed that the suffering of the Komape family and the circumstances of Michael’s death had not been sufficiently recognised and acknowledged by the court. “This is a missed opportunity for developing the law in respect of constitutional damages. We had hoped to get general and constitutional damages but they were dismissed.” She said after studying the judgment they will take instructions from the Komape family on whether to appeal the ruling in the Supreme Court of Appeal. During the trial last year the Limpopo High Court learnt that both Onicca and Maria suffered psychological trauma following their brother’s death. Michael drowned in a pit latrine at Mahlodumela Primary School in Chebeng Village, outside Polokwane in Limpopo, in 2014. In 2015, Section27 brought a lawsuit against both the national department of basic education and the provincial basic education department on behalf of the Komape family. Last year, the department made a settlement of the claim and paid the family R34 000 for funeral expenses, R21 000 for loss of income and R79 000 for past and future psychological fees. Michael’s mother Rosina lost her job as a domestic worker where she was earning R1 080. - In March this year, five-year-old Lumka Mkhethwa of Luna Primary School in Bizana, Eastern Cape fell into a pit toilet and drowned. It was then that President Cyril Ramaphosa instructed Minister of Basic Education Angie Motshekga to conduct an audit of all schools that still had pit latrines and eradicate them within three months.