BABY Oarabile Moilwe is a fighter. Two months after a birth, the baby boy is recovering at his home in Mayibuye, Mogale City. According to his mum Maatsi (22), Oarabile was born with part of his brain outside his skull. She was home alone in February when she experienced labour pains. “I was only eight months pregnant at the time,” said Maatsi. “My neighbour and I prepared to go to hospital but the pain was unbearable. “My baby’s head was visible, so two elderly women helped me give birth.” She said while giving birth, the women were surprised by the huge amount of skin attached to the head. The women called an ambulance that took her to Leratong Hospital. “I couldn’t believe it when the doctors told me the skin hanging off his head was actually his brain.” Maatsi was transferred to Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital in Soweto so the baby could be operated on. “The neurosurgeons said the baby was too small to undergo an operation. They said he might not live for more than two days if they operate. “He is now over two months old, yet he does not have a clinic card for immunisation. I believe it is God’s will. “He is the one keeping him alive, so He will determine his fate,” she told Daily Sun. She believes Oarabile has gained enough strength to be operated on. Chris Hani Baragwanath spokesman Nkosiyethu Mazibuko said clinicians explained the condition in detail to Oarabile. Mazibuko couldn’t disclose more details as it would be a breach of doctor-patient confidentiality. “We’ve asked the mother to sign a consent form before we disclose any information regarding the patient to the public,” he said. The neural tube is a narrow channel that folds and closes during the third and fourth weeks of pregnancy to form the brain and spinal cord. Encephalocele is a sac-like growth of the brain and membranes that cover it through an opening in the skull. The condition happens when the neural tube does not close completely during pregnancy. The result is an opening anywhere along the centre of the skull from the nose to the back of the neck or between the forehead and the nose.