MARITZBURG United will play a huge role in deciding whether Mamelodi Sundowns are crowned Absa Premiership champions tonight. A win for Sundowns against the Team of Choice and a draw for Orlando Pirates, who are up against Bidvest Wits tonight, would see Pitso Mosimane’s charges crowned 2017-18 Absa Premiership champions. With Maritzburg players in the form of their lives, Mosimane knows his players are in for a long and difficult night at Harry Gwala Stadium (7.30pm). All eyes will surely be on United’s talented trio of Mxolisi Kunene, Lebohang Maboe and Fortune Makaringe, along with the Brazilians’ Percy Tau and Themba Zwane. Downs will be without suspended Gaston Sirino while Maritzburg must make do without Rushine De Reuck. Mosimane will know what type of challenge lies ahead, seeing that Sundowns were thrashed 3-1 by United three days ago in the semifinal of the Nedbank Cup at the same venue. United head coach Fadlu Davids has already made it clear that he won’t be holding back in this clash. He said Sundowns should expect the same Maritzburg United they faced in the Ke Yona clash on Sunday. Said Davids: “My players know their abilities. The only thing I keep telling them is to continue believing in themselves. The Sundowns match won’t be the same as the one we played on Sunday. We will go full strength and will approach the match the same way we always do. We are in it to win it. “It won’t be easy but we believe in ourselves. We will also keep in mind that we have another tough match on Saturday away to Chiefs. So how we manage players against Sundowns will be key. “We wouldn’t want to overwork them – Chiefs will have had one day extra to rest.” Said Mosimane: “There is no need to get emotional about Anele Ngcongca’s injuru. We could make do with a point in this match. A lapse of concentration was the reason why they eliminated us from the cup competition. The red card was the turning point in that defeat.” Although United are no longer in the title race, they too will be eager to bag the three points, just like Downs. The Team of Choice are currently in third place in the table, equal on points (42) with fourth placed Kaizer Chiefs. Three points tonight would see them cement their position – and should they end this season in that spot they will play in the Caf Confederation Cup for the first time in history next season.