The Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) have won a by-election in the North West's Ditsobotla municipality, taking a seat from the ANC. The Electoral Commission of South Africa (IEC) on Thursday released results of seven by-elections held on Wednesday in three provinces – namely Gauteng, North West and the Western Cape. The Democratic Alliance (DA) retained the five seats they had won in the 2016 local government elections – three in Gauteng and two in the Western Cape. The African National Congress (ANC) also retained one seat in the Ward 92 by-election in Johannesburg. The EFF's Bongani Patrick Cekiso, meanwhile, claimed victory in Ward 15 in Ditsobotla, taking the seat from the ANC. "The party won the seat from the ANC, with 36.48% of the votes cast, compared to 54.79% that the ANC received in the 2016 municipal elections. Voter turnout yesterday was 48.67%," the IEC said on its website on Thursday. The EFF in the North West saluted its "ground forces" following the victory, praising them for a "militant campaign". "We salute the Ward 15 branch command team, our tireless volunteers, provincial elections team, our public representatives and all ground forces for their efforts and commitments for making it possible. "This is a signal that the EFF is a beacon of hope to the hopeless masses of our people in the North West province," said EFF North West spokesperson Baruti Daniel Sephelle in a statement. The party also thanked voters for rejecting the ANC, amid mass protests over more alleged Gupta scandals involving Premier Supra Mahumapelo. "Our people rejected them even after they've slaughtered three cows, printed T-shirts and gave them food parcels, which were intent on buying their votes, but [they] chose superior logic." They further called on the ANC to stop protesting the "democratic choice" of the people. The other six results are as follows: DA councillors: - Lionel Mervin Greenberg in Ward 72 in the City of Johannesburg. The party retained the seat, increasing its margin to 91.69% of the vote after a 32.49% turnout. - David Leonard Hensman in Ward 88 in the City of Johannesburg. The DA retained the seat, with a slightly reduced margin of 79.66% of the votes after a 25.26% turnout. - Daryl Johnston in Ward 47 in the Tshwane metro. The party retained the seat, increasing its margin to 95.18% of the votes cast after a 31.82% turnout. - Mac-Lizia Rhuenda Solomons in Ward 10 in the Breede Valley Municipality. The DA retained the seat with a slightly reduced margin of 48.73% after a 55.77% turnout. - Jannie Van der Westhuizen in Ward 18 in the George Municipality, retaining the seat with a slightly reduced margin of 81.98% of the votes after a 40.49% turnout. ANC councillor: - Violet Ncikazi Chauke in Ward 92 in the City of Johannesburg. The ANC retained the seat it won in the 2016 local elections, increasing its margin to 47.88% after 26.01% of voters turned up.