EIGHT PSL titles! Four times Nedbank Cup champions. Three Telkom Knockout winners in their cabinet. Crowned MTN8 champions three times. This is the success story of Mamelodi Sundowns who have also put an icing on top with an African Champions League crown, and the CAF Super League winners. Their 3-1 Absa Premiership win against Ajax Cape Town at Atteridgeville’s Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday, with one round of matches still to be played to conclude the season, secured the Brazilians their eighth league title.  Orlando Pirates’ 1-0 loss to Cape Town City FC pushed Downs to an unassailable 59 points at the summit of the table, with Bucs second on 52 points – meaning Pirates can finish on 55 points if they win their last match against Free State Stars on 12 May. Now head coach, Pitso Mosimane, said he is already looking ahead to defending their championship in the 2018-19, and also reclaim their Champions League crown, which they won in 2016. It was a sea of yellow at Lucas Moripe Stadium at the weekend where fans enjoyed free entry, and sang their lungs out. Obviously Mosimane had to thank his players who have been playing under extreme pressure en route to lifting this title, which they had to juggle around it with cup competitions and continental club tournaments. “I am very proud of these boys,” said Mosimane after being hoisted aloft by his players, as they chased him around the pitch with champaign in celebration. “They have worked hard during these tough times,” Mosimane, who is now on his third PSL title with Downs in five years, said. “We want to go for it again next season and have a different star under our budge. We know it won’t be easy, but at Sundowns we play to win championships every season.” The former Bafana Bafana coach admitted this was the toughest season ever, but he has never had any doubt in his mind that his players will win it. Added the coach who is in line for the 2017-18 PSL Coach of the Season award: “This was awkward! But it gets tough with every season, and all teams in the PSL are improving. “But the league has never been under any threat to us. We have been there until now. And of course it didn’t come easy for us, as we have been playing the African Champions League and the Nedbank Cup. We have also been playing a game after every three days. But the boys have given it their best.” He added: “I would also like to thank our fans who have been there throughout for this team, whether we win or lose they would sing aloud.” The 53-year-old Kagiso-born coach said keeping the same team for the past four years worked to their advantage. “We have been trying to keep the same quality in the last four years. We said it from the beginning that we want to win the championship and we finally got it.” He further thanked his billionaire boss, Patrice Motsepe, for all the support. “Without his support I don’t think we could have achieved anything in the last five years.” 