BUS commuters across Mzansi will be stranded on Wednesday after drivers indicated they will be downing tools. This means workers and learners will need to find
alternative transport to get to work and schools in the morning. Trade unions South African Transport and Allied
Workers Union (SATAWU), Transport and Allied Workers Union of SA (TAWUSA),
Transport and Omnibus Workers’ Union (TOWU), National Union of Metalworkers of
SA (NUMSA) and Tirisano Transport Workers Union (TASWU) members said they will down tools until they reach a pay agreement with employer associations Commuter Bus
Employers Organisation (COBEO) and SA Bus Employers Association (SABEA). The wage negotiations between unions and
employers have been at the South African Road Passenger Bargaining Council
(SARPBC) since January this year. Their negotiations fell through on Monday when
they could not reach an agreement. SARPBC secretary general Gary Wilson said the
impact is going to be felt right across the country. Wilson said if parties don’t reach any agreement
this week they will be forced to approach the Commission for Conciliation
Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA) for help. He said the strike will affect short and
long-distance journeys, with a few exceptions such as Intercape. Wilson said the workers are seeking a one-year
12% across the board wage increase agreement with a minimum basic wage of R8
000. But the employers, are offering a three-year
agreement with a 7% increase for year one 7.25% for year 2 and 7.5% for year 3 “Employers want any worker entering the industry
for the first time after 1 April to be paid R6 070 regardless of whether the
hiring company has a higher minimum wage,” he said. He said the unions are also demanding full pay
for dual drivers. One of the drivers said they have big problems
with their employers. He said in their company the employer has cut off
all their benefits and their salaries have also been cut into half. SATAWU spokeswoman Zanele Sabela said the only
thing that would make them as the majority union in the bargaining council call
off the strike, was if the companies return to the negotiation table with
something they could work with.