MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane, has urged his charges not to be driven by the spirit of revenge when they take on Maritzburg United in the Absa Premiership encounter at the Harry Gwala Stadium tonight (7.30pm). The Team of Choice dumped the Brazilians out of the Nedbank Cup semi-final to book reach their domestic cup final for the first time in 15 years at the same venue. The two teams meet in round two after their filled showdown in Kwa-Zulu Natal. But Mosimane has called for calm for his troops ahead of their league meeting. The former Bafana Bafana coach has warned the league champions elect not to be emotional when the tackle the Nedbank cup finalist. Mosimane’s charges can afford to take a point as they need just four points to secure their record extending eighth league title. The Tshwane giants top the log standing with 55 points from 27 matches and they enjoy a healthy six points lead over their nearest rivals Orlando Pirates, who have played the same number of games. The Team of Choice are third with 42 points from the same number of games and they are chasing a historic Caf Confederation qualification. The Team of Choice can achieve that goal by either finishing in third position on the log or by winning their maiden trophy. The home side is also looking to make history achieving their highest ever league position in third spot to surpass their seventh place finish last year. There is all to play for in this eagerly awaited encounter. The Brazilians won the first round meeting 1-0 in Pretoria. In their cup match Uruguay and Brazilians star midfielder Gaston Sirino was sent off for a malicious challenge as the 10-man Brazilians crushed to a 3-1 defeat. Sirino, who scored the Brazilians only goal in the match and defender Anele Ngcongca, who was stretched off the pitch due to injury, will play not part on round two. Mosimane said: “There is no need to get emotional. We can do with a point. Lapse of concentration was the reason why they eliminated us out of the competition. The red card was the turning point in that defeat.” “I lost two players going into tonight’s game and I’m not happy about that.” Mosimane is of the view that the Team of Choice is a complicated outfit and they always give his team a tough match. He said: “It’s an important game we have to try and win a game. But don’t be emotional a point is still huge. But we might not win they are a complicated side.” 