A 19-year-old man was arrested for allegedly killing his
biological father. Cops spokesman Capt Mavela Masondo said the arrested son  allegedly, severely assaulted his 40-year-old
biological father who later succumbed to injuries on Saturday, 21 April. "It is alleged that the deceased and his son had an
argument at their place of residence in Krugersdorp and the son assaulted his
father until he collapsed," he said. The father was later certified dead by the paramedics. Masondo said that
after hearing of this gruesome assault, police rushed to the scene and arrested
the suspect who was subsequently charged with murder. IN a separate
incident over the weekend,  Gauteng police
also arrested a 61-year-old man after he was found with four unlicensed
firearms and assortment of ammunition in Kempton Park over the weekend. Police
acted on a tip off and on arrival at the man’s premises, they found two
pistols, two rifles and live rounds. The suspect was arrested for possession of
unlicensed firearms and ammunition and will appear at Kempton Park Magistrates’
Court soon. Masondo added that Gauteng police in conjunction with
other law enforcement agencies, embarked on a number of intelligence driven
operations that resulted in the arrest of more than 1100 suspects this past
weekend. Unlicensed firearms and drugs were also seized throughout the
province. Operations included roadblocks, stop and search, shebeens raiding,
vehicle checking points (VCPs), vehicle patrols, foot patrols and tracing of
wanted suspects. Tshwane police have also arrested 407 suspects for
offences ranging from assault, theft, malicious damage to property, possession
of suspected stolen property and robberies. In Johannesburg, police arrested
more than three hundred and twenty one suspects for offences that include
possession of unlicensed firearms and ammunition, fraud, theft and assault and
murder. A security guard was arrested in Ekurhuleni for plotting
a business robbery in the company he works for. It is alleged that the security
officers were patrolling when they were confronted by four suspects who were
armed with firearms. It is further
alleged that more suspects joined in and robbed the company of 350 boxes of
cigarettes, Volvo tyres and rims, 30 cellphones, laptops, screens and
television sets. Thorough preliminary investigation by Police revealed that one
security officer of the company colluded with the suspects and he was arrested. Police are looking for about 15 more suspects. Other
suspects arrested in Ekurhuleni were arrested for crimes ranging from rape,
house breaking, possession of suspected stolen vehicle, possession of dagga,
driving under the influence of alcohol and assault. Soweto police arrested one hundred and nine suspects for
fraud, theft of motor vehicle, rape, illegal mining and possession of gold
bearing material among others. Another one hundred and twenty suspects were
arrested in Soweto for crime such as armed robbery, assault, driving while
under the influence of liquor, selling liquor without licence, murder,
possession of drugs, and possession of suspected stolen property. More suspects were arrested in West Rand and Sedibeng and
all arrested suspects will appear before different Magistrates’ Courts across
Gauteng soon.