Poepl expressed their shock after seven people died when a train ploughed into a car at Butskop railroad crossing in Blackheath, Cape Town on Friday. Clemence Goteka (59), who lost his son Manasa Goteka (29) and son-in-law Carson Jasi (23), could not believe his eyes when he got to the scene. “My son is gone! I don’t know what to do,” said Clemence. Melvin Goteka (23), Manasa’s younger brother, said he was the first to arrive at the scene. “I identified my brother by his clothes – a blue top and work suit – but when I got closer I was shocked to see what he looked like. “I thought he was just injured, but he was dead,” said Melvin. Clemence told Daily Sun he was heartbroken. “My son has two children. They are both still young and need their father,” he said. Manasa’s wife, Elizabeth Jasi, said: “I was shocked by the news. I got the news 40 minutes after he left for work.” The Toyota Hilux bakkie had five occupants in the back and two in the front. They all worked for the same meat delivery company. Metrorail spokeswoman Zino Mihi said the driver of the bakkie tried to make his way over the level crossing, but did not realise a train was approaching. “The robots had already turned amber when the driver of the taxi in front of the bakkie crossed over. “All warning signals at the level crossing are in good working condition, including the boom gates,” said Mihi. However, some residents claim that the robots at the level crossing were not working on Thursday. Mihi said an investigation will be conducted. The collision happened at the same place where 10 kids died in a similar accident eight years ago. The community has called for better safety measures to be implemented at the crossing. Resident Lauren Mathews said: “This place is a problem. “We have been asking for a bridge, but nothing has been done.” Western Cape police spokeswoman Brigadier Novela Potelwa confirmed the accident between the train and the delivery vehicle. “All seven occupants of the vehicle, aged up to 42 years, were killed. “A culpable homicide case has been opened,” said Potelwa. Witnesses are encouraged to contact Crime Stop on 08600 10111.