The Economic Freedom Fighters  said it notes the "nonsensical attempt of
the ultra right wing formation of white racists, Afriforum to deflect the
attention of the EFF by pursuing our President through private prosecutions". This is after Afriforum announced on Thursday morning that it intends to prosecute Malema privately on corruption charges. EFF acting spokesperson Tebogo Mokwele said that whilst
they are aware that South Africa’s Laws permits private prosecutions, they know
with absolute certainty that Afriforum’s pursuit of EFF president is not about
the rule of law, but an attempt to deflect the attention of the EFF from
economic emancipation struggles, in particular land expropriation without
compensation. "It is not a secret that the EFF is at the forefront
of the struggle for land expropriation without compensation and that Afriforum
is one of its right wing opponents. "Instead of engaging in a democratic debate and
engagement on the land question, Afriforum does what their colonial and apartheid
forefathers did to Freedom Fighters, which is criminal persecution and
prosecutions for political reasons. "There’s no doubt that Afriforum’s private
prosecutions is part of an onslaught against the EFF," said Mokwele. Mokwele said the case which Afriforum seek to prosecute
the Commander in Chief on was struck off the roll because the National
Prosecutions Authority couldn’t present a solid case before the Court of Law. "Through all these, the Commander in Chief subjected
himself to Court process and publicly requested that the trial should be
concluded. The NPA couldn’t present a solid case, hence the High Court struck
it off the roll." The EFF said it is fully behind their CIC and will not be
deterred by reactionary right wing formations of white people, whose primary
purpose is to protect white privilege and supremacy. "What Afriforum does not know is that racist
persecution and prosecution of the EFF President will just multiply the mass
support behind the struggle for land expropriation without compensation. "What
Afriforum does not know is that their attempts at suppressing a political
programme through Courts will dismally fail." Mokwele further said that Afriforum and all its
sympathizers should know "that their racist efforts will make us more
determined". "Land expropriation without compensation will happen
in South Africa and no amount of intimidation and dirty tricks will stop that." The EFF calls on all Ground Forces of the EFF to remain
calm and collected. "In the course of struggle, reactionary and right
wing forces will always try to deflect our attention. We should never lose
focus and hope. Branches of the EFF must continue with the excellent political
work on the ground and should continue with recruitment to prepare for the
general elections in 2019. The war for economic emancipation goes on and we
will never surrender. No surrender! No retreat."