KAIZER Chiefs playmaker, Siphelele Ntshangase, has shared his views about his struggles to break into the Amakhosi starting 11, since his arrival at the club. Ntshangase joined Chiefs during the January transfer window and he was regarded as one of the big signings made by Chiefs. His arrival at the club from Baroka FC was met with great excitement, as fans have been calling for the midfield maestro to join the Soweto giants few seasons ago. However, fans are yet to see Ntshangase’s true brilliance in the black and gold colours, as he has not been get much game time since his arrival in Naturena. Talking to media during the Nedbank Cup semi-final media day, the 24-year-old player said there are still few elements of his game that needs to be improved. “The coach (Steve Komphela) explained to me why I’m not featured mostly, and I am trying to work on it. A complete player can defend and attack, and the one thing that lacks in me is defending,” he said. When asked if he is happy with his stint thus far, the player said: “Not really because I’m not getting game time”. “I always wanted to play for Chiefs and given the opportunity I think I can do much better. What is important is to work hard every time when I get an opportunity. When fans see me in the streets they console me that I will get a chance.” On Saturday night (8:15pm) Chiefs will lock horns with Free State Stars in the semi-final of the Nedbank Cup at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium. This would be Komphela and Chiefs’ last chance saloon to solicit some silverware this season, as their chances of competing for the league honours have gone up in smoke, thus frustrating the fans. Ntshangase said: “What is important is to win in Durban, it is not about Ntshangase. The team has not won anything in three seasons, so it would be great if we can win the Nedbank Cup. To me there’s no pressure at all, it all about doing the right things.” NEDBANK CUP FIXTURE SATURDAY Kaizer Chiefs v Free State Stars (Moses Mabhida Stadium, 8:15) SUNDAY Maritzburg United v Mamelodi SUndowns (Harry Gwala Stadium, 3pm)