THE Council of Southern Africa Football Association (Cosafa) Senior Challenge Cup is always a serious headache for the Bafana Bafana technical team. It is usually a nightmare for the senior national team coach to get all the players on his wish list, since the tournament is not played on Fifa dates and Premier Soccer League (PSL) clubs are not obliged to release their charges. Bafana coach Stuart Baxter is already stressing whether PSL teams will release players during this year’s tournament, which will be held in Limpopo for the first time in history. Baxter is hoping clubs will co-operate and release the players he wants for the tournament. He intends to name the strongest squad possible but it will all depend on player availability, naturally. The tournament, which will feature 14 countries from the Southern Africa region, will be played at the New and Old Peter Mokaba Stadium and Seshego Stadium from 27 May to 9 June. Good news for football fans in Limpopo is that entry to the stadiums for the 23 matches will be free. Hosts Bafana, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Swaziland, Namibia and Lesotho were all given a bye and will enter the competition in the quarterfinal stages. Zimbabwe were crowned champions in North West last year and walked away with a cheque for R500 000 after defeating Zambia 3-1 in the final. South Africa is hosting the tournament for the third time in four years this year. Baxter confirmed that he will be coaching the team in the North, probably with the aid of a development coach. Said Baxter: “It’s been more challenging in previous years as we haven’t really had a clear position on what we are looking for out of the tournament. “On many occasions we have stumbled out of the tournament with an under-strength team.” Bafana won the Four Nations tournament in Zambia and the coach said most of the players that played in Ndola would form part of his team. “We don’t have much preparation time for this tournament. With all the clubs that I have spoken to, we seem to be on the same page. For young players Cosafa is a massive experience.” The draw for the tournament was conducted at Safa House yesterday. Eight teams will contest the round robin stages sorted into Group A and Group B. Limpopo MEC for Sport Onicca Moloi urged the people in the province to support the tournament. She said Polokwane would pull out all the stops to host a memorable event. Said Moloi: “Entry is free and there are 23 matches. There will be plenty of entertainment as well. We are ready to host a successful tournament.” It was also pay-day for Banyana Banyana, who received their R500 000 in prize money for winning the women’s tournament in Zimbabwe in September 2017.