House music producer, DJ Maphorisa has found himself in somewhat of a tricky situation and trust black Twitter to drag him for it. The talented producer is being accused of unfairly stringing a fan along, promising to help him with his music career but then changing his story. Last week, a musician by the name of TBan asked Maphorisa to produce his next song. And I mean, who wouldn’t want to have their voice on a Maphorisa beat right? “How many retweets do you need for you to produce my next song,” the young musician asked. Our fave DJ, Maphorisa initially asked for a reasonable 10K in RTs for the song to happen. TBan was obviously excited at the prospect of having his break through moment on the horizon. So he asked the Twitter masses to help him achieve the 10K. “Please help me reach my dreams with only your retweet @DjMaphorisa wants 10k retweets for me to work with him. Your retweet will change my life. Thank you in advance. Plz retweet this tweet,” he pleaded. Later that day, Maphorisa soon realized that TBan was about to reach the target so he moved the goal post. “Wait, just realized you have 65k [followers], that’s easy brother. 30K it’s a deal,” Maphorisa said. Needless to say, TBan did eventually reach the 30K RTs but was met with a very salty subtweet from Maphorisa. “I work with talent not hype n retweet’s so y’all think I am f*****g with you tell your Pretorian boy he must just post a video showing his talent I don’t even know what does the boy do I don’t have time to play 30k retweet’s won’t even buy a half brown of bread,” said Maphorisa. Obviously Maphorisa was dragged for stringing a hopeful young artist along instead of just saying no. Twitter CSI even found receipts from November 2017 when TBan sent a video to Maphorisa and he said “not bad, actually I like it”. So now everyone is questioning his “I don’t even know what does the boy do” statement. Seems like black Twitter’s heat got a bit too much for Maphorisa who has now apologized and is offering to listen to TBan’s music before agreeing to work with him. “Wat happened I heard his song on my timeline I liked it then he asked retweets, I said yes my mistake though not to recall. So now I just need to hear the link again then we move [on]. No need for a video now. Please forgive me black twitter, I love you,” he said.  