In a remarkable achievement, a student at the University
of Johannesburg (UJ) has become the first African woman from South Africa to be
awarded a doctoral degree in Philosophy. Dr Mpho Tshivhase graduated as a Doctor of Philosophy at
UJ on Thursday, 12 April. She focuses on advancing 
a theory of what it means for persons to be unique. The title of her thesis was entitled: 'Towards a
Normative Theory of Uniqueness of Persons.’ Her research
project was completed under the supervision of Prof. Thaddeus Metz,
Distinguished Professor in the Department of Philosophy at UJ. Prof. Metz explains that Dr Tshivhase’s Doctoral thesis
is the first systematic treatment of uniqueness as something valuable that can
be manifested in a person’s life. In it, Dr Tshivhase distinguishes the value
of uniqueness from other values such as happiness and morality, arguing that it
merits attention as something worth having in its own right. She also points
out that existing philosophical accounts of uniqueness all share the counterintuitive
implication that everyone is always already unique.” “This topic is extremely fascinating for me, particularly
because I think we live in a society that generally moves people to prioritise
who (and perhaps even what) other people think they should become. Our societal
interactions in general seem to prize group identities that seem to require one
to give up their personal identities in order assimilate into a group identity,
whether it be race, gender, class, political or religious assimilation, to name
a few. I think even in instances where people do create what they consider to
be an original identity, they seem to still look to society for some form of
affirmation from those who are around them,” says Dr Tshivhase. “When I looked around me I found that uniqueness is
something that is truly prized by society but it is not quite examined in a
systematic way. For instance, the work of artists is judged based on its level
of uniqueness. Painters, singers or dancers have to produce something unique in
order to be appreciated and appraised. Some people secure jobs in the workplace
by being perceived as unique. Our romantic relationships can also be a matter
of thinking there is something unique about our partners that sets them apart
from all other potential partners.” According to Prof Metz, “amongst other remarks from the
examiners were that Dr Tshivhase’s Doctorate is ‘consistently original,
interesting, and insightful’ and ‘absolutely brilliant’.”