CENTRAL to our offer to the people of Tshwane is the idea of job creation and the creation of work opportunities, notably through our Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP), launched in December 2017 called Gata le Nna. This programme gives effect to our commitment to the generation of these work opportunities for our people. The City of Tshwane made significant changes to the EPWP recruitment policy to relieve pressure on staff and councillors, and eliminate patronage and nepotism. We adopted an open and inclusive recruitment and lottery selection system, giving every qualifying individual equal opportunities at securing employment through the EPWP programme. To date we have held three lotteries – the latest being in February 2018 -where beneficiaries are randomly chosen giving each applicant a fair chance of being selected. City of Tshwane departments and regions are implementing projects guided by EPWP methodologies and principles. The city’s contribution is in three main sectors: the infrastructure sector; the social sector and then the environmental and cultural sector. The infrastructure sector will contribute 12 200 work opportunities out of the target of 23 000. The social sector will contribute 10 250 work opportunities out of the target of 23 000. The environmental and cultural sector will contribute 550 work opportunities out of the target of 23 000. As the Executive Mayor my office will have its own dedicated programme using 200 EPWP beneficiaries for rapid service delivery response and support in the city. This programme will henceforth be known as Thusa le Rona. When we opened up the recruitment process, more than 120 000 job seekers registered on the database. Should operators in the private sector want to draw beneficiaries from this database, the city will be more than willing to assist in that regard. Some of the main projects that beneficiaries are working on include the replacement of the water network project in Garsfontein, a project by PRASA to restore railway lines in Tshwane, re-gravelling and maintenance operations of roads in Bronkhorstspruit along with participants who are working as administrators and data capturers in various City of Tshwane clinics and many other projects. CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS TRAINING PROGRAMME THE City of Tshwane embarked on a programme to train Chartered Accountants through the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants programme. This is a 3 year learnership programme that allows trainees to qualify as finance professionals. The first batch of nine learners commenced in November 2017. Tshwane is the first municipality to implement such a programme. The Chartered Accountants Training Programme is expected to enrol around 10 trainees per year from previously disadvantaged communities, thus assisting to advance the BEE objectives of the city while at the same time addressing unemployment amongst the youth. The programme will create a pool of finance professionals within the city. The spin off for the municipality is that it will have access to critical skills from an internal source and reduce reliance on consultants. The programme is expected to positively contribute towards improvement of governance within the city and across the public sector as a whole. FREE TRANSPORT FOR JOB SEEKERS IN THE CAPITAL CITY AT the beginning of Transport Month in October 2017, the department of Roads and Transport initiated a youth pilot project to assist job seekers with free transport in Bronkhorstspruit Region 7. This project is the first of its kind in the country. The then Chilwavhusiku Mine was about to start operation in Bronkhorstspruit, and the mine was looking for just over 100 employees during its first phase.  