2018 was a tough year as Mzansi lost some of the biggest celebrities from rappers HHP and Pro to legendary struggle icon and Mother of the Nation Winnie Madikizela Mandela. Fans have shared their memories and fellow stars paid tribute as they remembered the talented individuals who have perished this year. Although they might be gone, they are not forgot and their work will live forever. We look at some of the names Mzansi has lost this year. Winnie Mdikizela-Mandela  Winnie Madikizela-Mandela passed away at the Netcare Milpark Hospital, Johannesburg, South Africa on Monday the 2nd of April 2018. The Mother of Nation’s death left the whole country and the entire world in a state of loss. Sandy Mokoena  Popular e.tv soapie Scandal actor Sandy Mokwena, who played Bra Eddie Khumalo in the soapie, died on the 25th of January. The star played numerous roles in a number of other television series and was one of Mzansi most well respected and experienced actors. Bra Hugh Masekela  Legendary Jazz musician Bra Hugh Masekela died on the 23rd of January this year. The veteran trumpeter and ground breaking artist was 78 at the time of death. The star had been diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2008. David Phetoe  Legendary TV and Film actor David Phetoe died on the 1st of February at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital. The star had battled with illness and was 85 at the time of his death. Akhumzi, Siyasanga and Thobani  Akhumzi Jezile (29), died in a car accident on 28 April while travelling to the Eastern Cape with friends, former Joyous Celebration member Siyasanga Kobese and actor Thobani Mselane (30). The country was left in a state of shock by the loss of young lives who still had plenty to offer. PRO  Local rapper Pro died on the 8th of August after suffering from rare gastrointestinal bleeding. His sudden death shocked Mzansi as the star was seen as a rap pioneer who made Kasi rap fashionable. HHP  Legendary Motswako rapper HHP died on the 24th of October after a long battle with depression which ultimately got the better of him. His death came just a few weeks after the local Hip-Hop industry had lost another legend in Pro. 