MAMELODi Sundowns nicely put the first piece on the Caf Champions League jigsaw last night with a resounding 6-1 win over Leones Vegetarianos. The emphatic, 7-1 on aggregate, in the preliminary round reverse fixture at Loftus Versfeld ensured the Tshwane giants lay a solid foundation upon which to build a potentially successful campaign. They have walked this path a few times in the last six years to know what it takes to ensure a perfect start. The irrepressible Brazilians easily walked all over the hapless Vegetarianos, scoring two goals in the first half and three in the second stanza of a one-sided affair. Jeremy Brockie continued where he left off in Malabo last week, tapping in the opening goal as early as the fourth minute. Themba Zwane came close before Gaston Sirino doubled the lead from the penalty spot 10 minutes later. The massacre looked on the cards as the home side made light work of the Equatorial Guineans, wasting numerous chances to score more. Seydou Sall pulled one back for the Vegetarianos two minutes after the break, benefitting from some comical defending. But Hlompho Kekana let rip from the edge of the box to extend the lead, a thunderous strike in the 55th minute and it looked as if the floodgates were finally opened as Ali Meza swept in the fourth five minutes later. Lyle Lakay got in on the act, finishing off a wonderful move began by Zwane, with two minutes before time. On the touchline, Pitso Mosimane, however, didn’t looked amused as his men took turns missing easy chances. He would have been pleased to see the likes of Meza score rare goals as he battles to find the right combinations. But he looks to be on to something great as he rebuilds a team which lost key match winners last season. There are some still some kinks to iron out before the fans, who packed the western side of Loftus, could see the typical Downs juggernaut steamrolling. Leones never really had a chance to cause a surprise, though they put up some fight to avoid losing by a far bigger margin.