International music and video streaming service, Apple Music is once again putting Africa’s finest music talent in the spotlight. The streaming giant, founded by technology pioneer, Apple has chosen 10 of the continents hottest artists at the moment to feature on their playlist. A-List: African Music is the streaming service’s effort to honour and showcase the authentically African afrobeats culture. The playlist will come to life in a one-hour special to air on Wednesday night at 20:00 through Apple Music’s digital music-only radio station, Beats 1. The playlist and the one-hour special seek to highlight “the continent’s hottest artists including South Africa’s Sho Madjozi, Nasty C, Darkie Fiction and Shane Eagle as well as other African artists Wurld, Petite Noir, Kwesi Arthur, Amaarae, and more,” says Apple Music. The special will go beyond just showcasing the sounds of Africa by airing interviews with featured artists like Nasty C who will discuss the rise of the afrobeat culture while also reflecting on their success as well as on Africa’s influence on global pop culture. Some of the musicians and their songs that are featured on the playlist are: Runtown & Nasty C - No Permission Nasty C - Jungle Darkie Fiction - Bhoza Shane Eagle - Gustavo Sho Madjozi - Huku Amaarae - Fluid Kwesi Arthur - Don’t Keep Me Waiting DARKOVIBES featuring Stonebwoy - Stay Woke Ayo Jay - Let Him Go Olamide - Motigbana Niniola & DJ Snake - Maradona Riddim Wurld - Contagious Petite Noir - Beach Petite Noir - Blame Fire Jovi – Ndole Fans of any of these artists and of the afrobeat movement at large can catch the premier special on Wednesday, 12 December at 20:00 with repeats on Thursday, 13 December at 04:00  and Thursday 13 December at 11:00. Tune into the Beast 1 A-List: African Music special here and check out the full playlist below. Beats 1 broadcasts worldwide, 24/7, for free and is available only on Apple Music. The streaming service creates a live global listening experience from studios in three major cities in an effort to instantly immerse listeners in their favorite artists’ worlds.   