AmaZulu general manager Lunga Sokhela says he still doesn’t know if they’ll get back the six points docked by world governing boy Fifa. On 28 September, Fifa’s Disciplinary Committee gave a directive to the Premier Soccer League to dock AmaZulu six points after failure to meet the deadline to pay money to former player Phinheas Nambandi. Nambandi was released by the club without a settlement in 2014 after spending one season when he still had an existing contract. Nambandi, for his unfair release, had consulted the matter to his Namibian Football Association and also the South African Football Players’ Union (Safpu), who then took the matter to the world governing body to have a look into it. Fifa has written to them back and SAFA on the club’s behalf have sent also documentations to the world football body, but he’s in the dark if they’ll get the six points docked by world governing body. Fifa indicated that if after the deductions of these points, payment was still not made, the Fifa Disciplinary Committee would decide to relegate AmaZulu to the next lower division, which is the National First Division in this case. AmaZulu’s standpoint was that, when the matter came to light, Nambandi, who only featured once for them, the club at that time was registered as the different entity to what it is now following their relegation to NFD in 2015. AmaZulu’s return to the top flight football last season, they bought the Thanda Royal Zulu’s PSL status in 2017 hence the change of registration which Sokhela said AmaZulu side that was in the NFD is no longer existing and this is another entity altogether in terms of registration. Sokhela, who said the money that was requested had been paid, previously said the matter was far from over as Fifa wasn’t clued up on the situation. Given the latest developments, he says as the club they have made some submissions and now everything is in the hands of Fifa to see it fit enough to give their six points back or not. “Fifa wrote back (after we were docked points), we had to make a submission on 22 October. “They wrote back to Safa on 2 November, asking for one or two other issues of clarity,’’ Sokhela said. “Safa (on our behalf) have responded to that. So, we’re just waiting and hoping this issue will have some finality before the end of the year. “We don’t know whether we’re getting the six points back or not, but it’s all in Fifa’s hands. “On our side, we’ve made all the required payments, but there’s one or two issues that need to be ironed out and should have been ironed out a long time ago. “We’re hoping those issues will be ironed out quickly,” said Sokhela. AmaZulu, who were consequently glued to the bottom of the log table, have shown signs that this ruling will not determine their season, yet. They won the last two matches and that immediately saw them jump to 13th position on the log table.