FORMER businessman Mzwa- nele Rune says his life came to a standstill four years ago. Mzwanele had a booming business making and selling bricks. He even expanded his operations from Strand to Khayelitsha. His horror story began when he wanted to expand the business even further, as he was in line to get a tender. But his ID was old and weary, so he went to Home Affairs in Cape Town, where he got the shock of his life. The 45-year-old from Endlovini in Khayelitsha says he was told he had died 29 years ago. “They said I died in 1989. I tried explaining to them I am still alive,” he said. “They then asked me to hand over my ID, but I refused.” Mzwanele says police were then called in and his ID was confiscated. “They said I would do illegal activities with the ID and I must bring my school records and birth certificate to show that I am who I say I am,” he said. This was in 2014. Mzwanele says he brought all the required documents to Home Affairs, but he’s still a dead man walking. He lost his business and travelled to Eastern Cape to get an ID. “I stopped running the business, thinking the matter would be sorted in a month. “I went to Eastern Cape to get the documents. “After a month, I started selling some equipment to fund my travelling arrangements. Months became years, and before I knew it my business was dying,” he said. Mzwanele now survives on hand-outs. He says he has tried to get jobs, but gets rejected., as, as he He said he tried getting jobs, but was rejected as he doesn’t have an ID. “I am now a burden, yet I used to own a business. I cannot do anything. They have killed me. I cannot get even a simple gardening job,” he said. “I have only one pair of jeans and when I wash it, I wear a towel and wait for it to dry,” he said. Home Affairs spokesman Thabo Mokgola said they were investigating the matter. “I have taken the matter to the provincial manager of Home Affairs in Western Cape for investigation. He will delegate officials to contact the client with a view to resolving the matter,” said Mokgola.