This week, multi-award winning rapper, Kwesta scooped the MTV Base Hottest MC of 2018 title. The Vur Vai hit-maker was crowned the hottest MC in Mzansi at the hour-long, annual panel discussion that always causes controversy. The fifth annual discussions were chaired by MTV Base VJ, Sandile Ntshingila with a lot drama and heated debates coming from the panelists as always. On the panel of decision makers this year was: Ms. Cosmo, Spoken Priestess, Zai Maya, DJ Capital, Kyeezi, and Scoop Makhathini. They were tasked with placing the 10 hottest MCs of the year in numerical order of greatness based on a criteria that analysed the musicians’ bars and lyrics, impact, sales, buzz and intangibles. This year’s list saw an inclusion of three leading female MC’s making the cut including Rouge, Moozlie and Nadia Nakai. Rappers AKA and Nasty C took the second and third spots respectively behind Kwesta, while the list also featured musical acts such as Anatii, Cassper Nyovest, Shane Eagle and Riky Rick. The top ten list of MTV Base’s SA Hottest MC 2018 is as follows: ICYMI: KWESTA AND YOLANDA CELEBRATE 8-YEAR ANNIVERSARY 1.Kwesta 2.AKA 3.Nasty C 4.Cassper Nyovest 5.Rouge 6.Shane Eagle 7.Anatii 8.Riky Rick 9.Moozlie 10.Nadia Nakai. As usual, a lot of fans were upset at their favourites not being featured in the discussions to begin with, and some even went as far as questioning the authenticity of the list altogether. A lot of people were particularly upset at A-Reece not being on the list. Even the winner himself, Kwesta questioned why it is that AKA was only at number two on the list when he was his “only competition” in 2018. “Truth be told he was my only competition this year & number 1 on my list, without a doubt. I swore I would never tweet about that list again but I’m shocked at how they played the Supa Mega shem,” he said. AKA pretended not care about not being at the top of the list as always, while Cassper blabbed on about world peace or something. “That list doesn’t matter more than loving each other man. We have to stop fighting each other over small things. Let’s focus gents... Things are looking good for hip hop,” Cassper said. Catch the repeat of MTV base Hottest MCs 2018 on Thursday, 13 December at 17:05 on MTV Base (DStv channel 322).  