DURBAN Ladies want to win this year’s Sasol League National Championship. The Ladies want to do it for their players who have not recovered from the injuries they sustained when the club was involved in a car accident during pre-season. It was a bittersweet moment for Durban Ladies when they booked their spot in the final of the week-long tournament, which will come to an end at the Galeshewe Stadium in Kimberley today (3pm). They edged University of the Western Cape 3-2 in a highly contested semi-final clash on Friday to set a date with Gauteng Sasol League Champions Tshwane University of Technology (TUT) at the same venue. The champions will walk way with a R200 000 money prize, while the runner’s-up will get a consolation prize of R100 000. After the final whistle, there was tears of joy as some of the youngsters will be playing in the final for the first time, and some couldn’t believe they were through to the finals after all the difficulties and pain they endured throughout the season. Durban Ladies veteran striker, Silindile “Mshana” Ngubane, described their journey as one that will never be forgotten in the club’s history. “We were involved in a car accident during our pre-season. “Surviving that car crash was a blessing for us. It gave us the drive to go all the way,” said an emotional Ngubane. She continued: “It disturbed us as three of our players sustained serious injuries and have not recovered from that accident. “We want to do win this for them. Every time we play, we remember what we have been through this season and get motivated.” The KwaZulu-Natal representatives are the only club that is coached by a woman. They have participated in nine of the 10 editions of the Sasol League National Championships. It’s only last year where they did not make it to the finals., after losing the provincial Sasol League to Sunflower, who made a mark on their debut of this tournament, which was held in Mpumalanga. Ngubane said: “Not being here last year for the first time since the tournament was established served as a wake-up call. We were starting to relax. “Now, we want to win it for the team.” TUT defeated First Touch Academy 1-0 to book their spot in the final.