ONLY catastrophe could deny Mamelodi Sundowns passage to the Caf Champions League’s first round. Firmly in control, Sundowns host the unfancied Leones Vegetarianos in the return fixture of their Champions League preliminary round tie at Loftus Versfeld tonight (7.30pm). The two goals they scored in the 2-0 first leg win give the Brazilians the advantage going into what could be termed a “friendly kickabout” with Vegetarianos, a team with no pedigree or notable history to speak of. But Lebohang Maboe insists there is still “90 minutes” between Sundowns and a place in the first round, and there can be no room for complacency. “We have the two away goals but we still have to win at home to seal our spot in the next round,” said Maboe. “We don’t expect Leones to roll over because we won the first leg. It’s a competitive match, we need to give them respect.” The Tshwane giants are eyeing a foothold in the group stages to launch a successful campaign after coming unstuck in that stage last season. Maboe has already had a taste of Champions League football, having made his debut in the match against Wydad Casablanca. The 24-year-old, who has made a flying start to his Sundowns career, has also gained some continental football experience in recent trips with Bafana. “The Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers have been quite a good experience and I’m looking to take that into the match,” Maboe said. “Everyone in camp is looking forward to the match. We want to improve on our finishing in this campaign. Every game is important.” Maboe netted a fantastic goal in their 2-1 win against SuperSport United in the Tshwane derby, and has naturally drawn a lot of confidence from that, going into the clash with Vegetarianos. Downs coach Pitso Mosimane doesn’t expect his boys to raise a sweat against the lowly Equatoguinean side. He is tempted to give fringe players a run, but also wary of losing the winning momentum. The likes of Aubrey Ngoma, Rivaldo Coetzee and Anthony Laffor should get a rare start.