POLOKWANE City FC aim to continue their winning form when they host Highlands Park FC in an Absa Premiership match at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Rise and Shine come into this clash on the back of a 2-1 win against the high-flying Steve Komphela’s fourth-placed Bloemfontein Celtic in their previous league encounter last week. “We are playing at home and have to continue with our form in front of our fans,” said City head coach Josef Vukusic. “We are expecting a tough game. Highlands are a physical side with good players. But we’ll stick to our game plan.” Rise and Shine have been impressive under the Slovakian mentor so far this season. “It’s all about hard work and understanding between the technical team and players,” said Vukusic. “Football is not about individuals, it’s teamwork.” Rise and Shine, who were fighting relegation last season, are currently fifth in the standings with 21 points from 13 league games – thanks to Vukusic. They are three points behind current leaders Orlando Pirates. Owen Da Gama’s charges, on the other hand, will also approach this clash filled with confidence after registering a comfortable 2-0 win against Cape Town City FC last week. The PSL newcomers are ninth in the table with 15 points from 12 matches and are fighting to end this year in a top eight spot. A win for the former Pirates and Platinum Stars head coach’s team will see Highlands move up to eighth spot in the standings – but only if Chippa United are able to beat Benni McCarthy’s Citizens in the other league match tonight. Sad news for City is that they will still be without veteran captain Jabu Maluleke due to suspension. He was not part of the City team that beat Phunya Sele Sele last week. But Vukusic is not worried about the absence of his influential midfielder. “We have big, quality squad,” explained Vukusic. “Jabu is an important member of the team. But he is not available and we have to replace him. I will see who to field in his position tonight. But we have players capable of adding value in the team. I believe in all my players.”