WELL-REGARDED local cruiserweight sensation, Thabiso “The Rock” Mchunu, has reclaimed his African Boxing Union (ABU) and South African titles. His stablemate Thulani Mbenge, meanwhile, successfully defended his International Boxing Organisation (IBO) world welterweight title at Emperors Palace, Joburg, in a boxing extravaganza on Saturday. Mchunu outpointed the sleek Thomas “Tommy Gun” Oosthuizen in a much-hyped grudge rematch to regain the two belts he lost to his arch-rival. It was sweet revenge for the pugilist from KwaZulu-Natal after the controversial defeat two months ago. The word from their promoter, Rodney Berman, is that the winner of the clash would challenge for the IBO world cruiserweight belt of Kevin “Two Guns” Lerena, who is Mchunu’s stablemate at Smiths Gym in Fourways. But the former World Boxing Association (WBA) Pan African champion does not see that fight happening, seeing that they are stablemates. “I’m happy we were given a rematch. This fight had to happen because I felt that I was robbed in our first meeting. “Luckily the rematch happened and I won it convincingly. Next up for me is going home to enjoy Christmas with my family,” said Mchunu. The muscular fighter, who is confident he can contest a world title, said he was not interested on fighting his stablemate. “Look, Tommy and Kevin have some grudge between them, they can fight each other. “Kevin and I are in the same camp and that fight is still to be negotiated, we will only fight if we’re contesting something big. It could happen but not now, because we are in the same camp,” said Mchunu. The hard-hitting Mbenge registered a 10th round technical knockout over the vastly experienced Mexican Miguel Vazquez to retain his IBO crown. “The former International Boxing Federation lightweight world champion did not answer to the bell in the 10th round. This victory is a big step up for Mbenge. He will be introduced to the American boxing public in March. On the same night, Walter Dlamini was crowned South African and WBA Pan African middleweight champion after knocking out the champion Wade Groth in the very first round.