FREE State Stars could be hailed as giant-killers too should they finish what Baroka FC had started at the weekend when they defeated Orlando Pirates in the Telkom Knockout. But Stars will meet Pirates at the worst time, when they are still licking their wounds following their heartbreaking 3-2 penalties loss to Bakgaga after a 2-2 stalemate. Sly Mosala and David Vilakazi will sit opposite Milutin Sredojevic and Rhulani Mokwena as the Buccaneers hope to ease their Port Elizabeth pain with three Absa Premiership points. New Ea Lla Koto coach Nikola Kavazovic is expected in the country on Thursday, according to general manager Rantsi Mokoena. “You can only hope for the best once the coach comes but for now Vilakazi and Sly will be in charge,” Mokoena said. The 43-year-old Serb joins Stars on a two-and-a-half year deal, replacing Luc Eymael who left the club last month due to a string of poor results. Pirates players will get a chance to redeem themselves tonight (7.30pm) when they meet Stars at Goble Park in Bethlehem. Despite the setback, Pirates will aim to maintain their position at the summit of table at the expense of Ea Lla Koto. Bucs are a point ahead of second-placed Bidvest Wits with 24 points from 14 matches. Any slip-up for the Soweto giants will give Wits, who host Golden Arrows at Milpark’s Bidvest Stadium at the same time tonight, a chance to overtake them, as they have two games in hand. Pirates won’t have an easy night as they try to make it up to their disappointed fans, seeing that they haven’t beaten Stars in their backyard in a league encounter in over seven years. Bucs have only been able to beat Stars in the Nedbank Cup, last year (4-1 ) and in 2016 (4-2). Ea Lla Koto are desperate to move away from the bottom half of table where they occupy 11th spot with 13 points. They are a tough nut to crack in their backyard, as they have lost only twice (to Kaizer Chiefs and SuperSport United) in their last seven home league games. Pirates will pin their hopes on the scoring prowess of winger Thembinkosi Lorch, who also scored in the TKO final.