One of Mzansi’s most loved, and talented actors, Oros Mampofu has reflected on a tough year he had. Oros, who rose to fame after landing a role on the hit SABC 1 show, Skeem Saam, has had to move on from the show in an attempt to get out of his comfort zone and test himself in the entertainment industry. Since then, the East London born actor has gone on to appear on Mzansi Magic’s Igazi and Ingoma, as well as a feature film titled Lucky Special to name a few. Oros, along with his siblings Lunathi and Prince are planning on taking show business by storm. The siblings have formed their own company called The Mampofu’s which caters to the needs of various companies, both corporate and entertainment. They offer marketing strategies through social media and other mediums. With the year drawing to a close in a few days, Oros took to social media to leave a note to himself. “2017/18 has carried the toughest years of my life that have tested both my character and self-identity,” he shared. “There have been moments filled with darkness, doubt and pain but to be honest, I would relive it all again if it forged me into the man I've witnessed myself becoming.” The star added that he was proud of himself for the progress he has made. “Oros. I'm so proud of you for making the choices to be courageous in the midst of total fear. Deciding to seek faith, happiness, health and strength as a fundamental core of everything you choose to live by and for. It's been rough but I saw you choose courage every single time and that's what gives me pride & joy in you. “Oros you are my hero and I only wish you the very best of life filled with happiness and adventure as you move forward into the coming year,” he wrote in a letter to himself. 2017/18 has carried the toughest years of my life that have tested both my character and self identity. There have been moments filled with darkness, doubt and pain but to be honest, I would relive it all again if it forged me into the man I've witnessed myself becoming. Oros.. I'm sooo proud of you for making the choices be courageous in the midst of total fear. Deciding to seek faith, happiness, health and strength as a fundamental core of everything you choose to live by and for. It's been rough but I saw you choose courage every single time and that's what gives me pride & joy in you. Oros you are my hero and I only wish you the very best of life filled with happiness and adventure as you move forward into the coming year. A post shared by  Oros Mampofu (@oros_mampofu) on Dec 27, 2018 at 1:10am PST 