BANYANA Banyana coach Desiree Ellis believes star striker Thembi Kgatlana is capable of more success. The 22-year-old Banyana and Houston Dash player was the talk of the town in Ghana during the Africa Women’s Cup of Nations that ended on Saturday. Kgatlana and her teammates arrived to a hero’s welcome at OR Tambo airport yesterday despite losing the final on penalties to Nigeria after a goalless draw at full-time. Kgatlana was one of the most influential players in the Banyana team. She finished the Women’s Afcon tournament as the top goal-scorer with five goals. Kgatlana scored in each match except the final. She was also selected as the Player of the Tournament. Said Ellis : “We know what Thembi can do. She’s scored in every game, but that’s not even her best. Thembi is capable of more.” Banyana registered their first victory of the tournament by defeating Nigeria 1-0 in the opening match and Kgatlana came on as a sub to score a cracker against the Super Falcons. On Saturday in the final, Nigeria had at least three players marking the speedy player as they knew the danger she poses when she gets the ball. Ellis said: “Hopefully this is the start of bigger things for her. She’s really worked hard in the last two years. Every time she touches the ball, you expect something to happen. She wears her heart on her sleeve.” Kgatlana’s best performance saw her get nominated at the Caf Awards for the African Women Player of the Year gong for the second time in a row. She lost out to Nigeria’s Asisat Oshoala for the Caf award in January but hopefully next year she will finally win it to become the second Banyana player to have won it after Noko Matlou in 2008. Banyana made history by finishing in the top three of the Women's Afcon, which saw them qualify for their first ever World Cup to be held in France next year. However, Kgatlana admitted that they wanted to put the cherry on top by winning the Women’s Afcon tournament for the first time. Said the talented player: “I’m very happy with the character we showed from the first game until the final. Yes, we are disappointed to lose in the final. Our first mandate was to get our ticket to the World Cup and we achieved that. We wanted win it but the final was decided on penalties.”