 IT was an ordinary evening in Swansea,
Wales, but Tracy Kennedy was feeling anxious about her daughter. Kelly Kennedy (25) had gone out for the evening
and Tracy was worriedly waiting for her to come home. According to the Sun, at 10.30pm hubby
Paul persuaded Tracy that Kelly would be fine and they got into bed. But as she closed her eyes, Tracy had a
glimpse of hell. She told Wales Online: "As I got
into bed and closed my eyes, I saw this crash in front of me and I just jumped
out of bed and me and my son went to look for her." The two rushed along the streets,
following the route Kelly would have taken. But cops had closed off the road because
of a horror smash. They then tried an alternative route,
but once again cops had blocked off the road. Just after they had returned home, a cop
knocked on the door. Tracy said: "He told us that Kelly
had been killed outright, and that they had arrested two boys at the scene.” Earlier this month, the two men
responsible for her death in 2016 were sentenced to jail terms. Liam Price (23) and Cory Kedward (23)
had been racing each other on the narrow streets of Swansea at speeds of 145km
per hour when they smashed into Kelly, killing her instantly. Price was sentenced to six years and
four months behind bars, while Kedward was sentenced to seven years. Tracy said about the sentences: "They
have destroyed our family and torn us apart and yet they are allowed to come
out after a few years and carry on with their lives and do whatever they want
to do. “Kelly didn’t have that choice, she was
snatched away from us. “We’re never going to see her get
married, have children, achieve her dreams." For the Kennedy family, Christmas has
been transformed from a time of joy to one of agony. She said: "This is the third
Christmas for us without her. It’s just horrible for us. The first year after
she went we couldn’t even put the decorations up, I couldn’t even think about
it, it was horrendous, it’s the pain. "It’s not the same, it’s really
painful. Christmas Day was all full of fun and full of laughter. "Last year I decided to get Kelly’s
tree. Hanging on it is baubles with her face. There are angel wings and it’s
all dedicated to her." 