Limpopo Cops have bust 772 suspects aged between 18
and 69 for various crimes over the past week.  In the Mankweng Policing area, two suspects aged 35 and
45 were nabbed at Ga-Mamabolo area for possession of unlicensed firearm and
ammunition. During the arrest, 97 live rounds of ammunition for 9mm and R5
rifle were recovered. Meanwhile, in the Hoedspruit Policing area, a 69-year-old
man was arrested at Molalane village for Illegal possession of ammunition.
During the arrest, 519 live ammunition and 08 home-made silencers were
recovered. In the Burgersfort policing area, one suspect was arrested
for possession of suspected stolen properties. During the arrest, the following items were recovered,
Honda diesel pump control, LEO electric automatic pump control, Sony sound
system, water bottle, air conditioner remote, 9 ceiling globes, fan, electric
stove plate, Adidas sneakers and black decker drill machine. Through Preliminary Police investigations it was revealed
that the items were stolen at a Farm along the R37 road (Tzaneen- Lydenburg). In the Lephalale Cluster, in the Villa Nora Policing area,
2 suspects aged 23 and 24 for housebreaking and theft. During the arrest, three
music systems and copper cables to the estimated street value of R 8 000 were
confiscated. In the Dennilton policing area, a suspicious motor
vehicle was stopped and searched along Moutse road and 100 sachets of Nyaope
were confiscated when it was found concealed inside the boot. One suspect aged
34 was arrested for possession and dealing in drugs. In the Makhado Policing area, a 42-year-old man was
arrested for house robbery and cops recovered a Toyota quantum, 2 couches and a
table. 

 Ngoepe said that during these operations, various items
were recovered with the estimated value of over R2 Million.        The Provincial Commissioner of the South African Police Service in Limpopo
Lieutenant General Nneke Ledwaba has praised the men and women in blue for
their dedication and commitment displayed during these operations.The arrested suspects have already started appearing before different
Magistrate Courts throughout the Province.The police investigations in all these cases are continuing.  