EVERY meal needs a dessert . . . And this is what Baroka FC need after their main course of Telkom Knockout glory following their 3-2 victory on penalties over Orlando Pirates at the weekend. They will need to repeat their 2-2 draw after a pulsating 120 minutes of TKO football when they visit defending Absa Premiership champions Mamelodi Sundowns at Atteridgeville’s Lucas Moripe Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Without a doubt, this will be the most watched game on the night, with everyone eager to see if Baroka can gobble up Downs to chase down the fulfilment of the weekend. Dribbling wizard Talent Chiwapiwa is adamant that they have what it takes to beat Sundowns again. The Ga-Mphahlele outfit inflicted damage on Sundowns at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on 3 November when they knocked them out of the Ziwa’Mo tournament, winning 2-0. Surely Downs will be eager to avenge the quarterfinal elimination. Baroka, who paraded the trophy at their main sponsor Two Mountains in Parktown, Joburg, yesterday, are third bottom in the standings with 10 points from 12 matches. Downs are three points behind pacesetters Pirates with 21 points from 11 outings. Only one point separates Baroka from bottom club Black Leopards. Said Chiwapiwa: “We will remain consistent because the problem we had in the past was scoring. Now we’re scoring, so there is no problem. We fixed our issues and will go there level-headed because we won the final and don’t have pressure. “We need to go out there and enjoy ourselves, much like we have been doing. We must maintain our form. We need to work hard and assist each other when we’re down. We are in good spirits, we understand each other and we are starting to gel.” Chiwapiwa credits coach Wedson Nyirenda for their TKO triumph, their maiden trophy in the PSL: “I have to hand it to the coach, he was confident about winning this trophy ever since pre-season. He keeps telling us that in every cup competition he progresses to the final and wins it. He deserves all the credit.” The Zimbabwean hopes to feature in Bakgaga’s history books several times. “As a player you are judged by the trophies you’ve won. You can’t call yourself a big player if you don’t win anything. I am very excited that we’ve won a trophy. We’ve come a long way.”