“SOUTH Africans shouldn’t always look for a funeral when there’s a party”. With these words, Safa president Danny Jordaan sought to emphasise Banyana Banyana’s historic achievement in qualifying for their maiden Fifa Women’s World Cup. “They have scored a historic first by qualifying for the World Cup. Now this country has qualified for every age-group World Cup – the Under-17s, Under-20s, the Olympics, Bafana and Banyana. All our teams have qualified,” said Jordaan with a big smile. “Look on the African continent and find any another federation who has qualified for every single one of those competitions. “Go to Ghana, to Nigeria, to Senegal and see whether any other country has the profile of success of South Africa. “So, sometimes, let’s celebrate the South African achievement and not always look for a funeral when there’s party.” Desiree Ellis’ charges beat Mali 2-0 to secure one of the three World Cup spots reserved for Caf on Tuesday. Jordaan also explained that Banyana’s triumph would go some way in enhancing Mzansi’s chances of staging the 2023 World Cup. As many as six countries have expressed interest in hosting the 2023 showpiece, though no official bids have been confirmed yet. SA could compete with Australia, Japan, Thailand, New Zealand and Colombia for the rights to host the prestigious global football event for women teams. “We have indicated to Fifa that we are interested in hosting the 2023 World Cup. “And therefore it was important for us to qualify for the 2019 tournament so that if we get to host the 2023 event it would be our second World Cup,” Jordaan explained. “Now we must just put our bid together and convince the world that we are ready to host the Women’s World Cup!” Of course, there are many dynamics involved in the World Cup bid process and no knows this better than Jordaan, having overseen the very successful 2010 World Cup project. But for now, he is just happy to bask in the glory of Banyana’s success and savour the moment for as long it lasts.