The Polokwane High Court has sentenced a 23-year-old
rapist to four life terms in prison. Bless Doctor Nakana, from Ga-Mokgoathi village in
Bolobedu outside Tzaneen, was also given an additional 20 years for two counts
for rape. Limpopo police spokesperson Colonel Moatsheepe said
Nakana tormented women and children between the ages of 13 and 58, in the
Bolobedu area and surrounding areas between the years 2012 and 2014. During his reign of terror, he would pounce on learners
on their way from school, mothers with their daughters in the veld collecting
fire woods and, in some instances, targeted women staying alone, broke into
their houses and raped them in front of their own children. Ngoepe said in 2012, Nakana and his 43-year-old uncle who
has since passed on, attacked a 58-year-old woman and her daughter at Ga-Wally
village while collecting fire wood in the bushes. They kidnapped the victims and took turns raping both. "On 14 November 2012, a 13-year-old girl was walking
from school with her friend at Ga-Wally village when the accused attacked both
girls and dragged the victim to the nearby bushes and repeatedly raped her,” said
Ngoepe. In 2014, the accused broke into a house at Ga-Mokgwathi
village, assaulted and raped a 16-year-old girl who was sleeping alone. Ngoepe also said the following year, on the 29 January
2015, the twisted man broke into another house at Ga-Ramochinyadi village where
he threatened a 14-year-old girl who was sleeping and raped her grandmother. In the same year, on the 11 May, the accused sneaked on a
16-year-old girl at Mawa Block 12 village while on the way back from school,
threatened and forced her to the nearby bushes before repeatedly raping her. "He carried on with his heinous acts where on the 5 October,
he broke into a house at Kurhula village outside Phalaborwa, threatened a
23-year-old woman with a knife and raped her in the presence of her child,"
said Ngoepe. The Provincial Commissioner General Nneke Ledwaba said
the sentence is a milestone achievement made by a team of Detectives. "The diligent, dedication and hard work discharged
by the Family Violence, Child Protection and Sexual Offences (FCS) Units that
is undoubtedly recognized, is a step closer in ensuring that offenders of the
gender based crimes are permanently removed from the society,” said Ledwaba.