INDONESIAN rescuers are using drones and sniffer dogs to
search for survivors along the devastated west coast of Java hit by a tsunami
that killed at least 429 people, warning more victims are expected to be
uncovered as the search expands. Thick ash clouds continued to spew from Anak Krakatau, a
volcanic island where a crater collapse at high tide on Saturday sent waves
smashing into coastal areas on both sides of the Sunda Strait between the
islands of Sumatra and Java. At least 154 people remain missing. More than 1 400
people were injured, and thousands of residents had to move to higher ground,
with a high-tide warning extended to tomorrow. Rescuers used heavy machinery, sniffer dogs, and special
cameras to detect and dig bodies out of mud and wreckage along a 100-km stretch
of Java’s west coast and officials said the search area would be expanded
further south. “There are several locations that we previously thought
were not affected,” said Yusuf Latif, spokesman for the national search and
rescue agency. “But now we are reaching more remote areas...and in fact
there are many victims there,” he added. The vast archipelago, which sits on the Pacific “Ring of
Fire”, has suffered its worst annual death toll from disasters in more than a
decade. Earthquakes flattened parts of the island of Lombok in
July and August, and a double quake-and-tsunami killed more than 2 000 people
on a remote part of Sulawesi island in September. It took just 24 minutes after the landslide for waves to
hit land, and there was no early warning for those living on the coast. Thousands of people are staying in tents and temporary
shelters like mosques or schools, with dozens sleeping on the floor and using
public facilities. Many remained traumatised by the disaster. “We can’t sleep at night, and if we get to sleep a car
goes past with sirens and we wake up again, on edge,” said Enah, a 29-year-old
woman who managed to survive with her family. The timing of the disaster over the Christmas season
evoked memories of the Indian Ocean tsunami triggered by an earthquake on 26 December
2004, which killed 226 000 people in 14 countries, including more than 120 000
in Indonesia.