LEJWELEPUTSWA District in Free State Province lies amid
the famed goldfields. Like the rest of the country, the region is grappling
with unemployment, poverty and the effects of the AIDS epidemic. A group of health workers working there are determined no
more lives are needlessly lost and that rural patients receive excellent
service. Health Systems Trust Nurse Clinician Nthabeleng Lefu
embodies this approach. As ‘Sister Lefu’ enters Phahameng Clinic, patients
waiting on benches hail her as an old friend. Nozmanga Dikano (36) bounds happily across to Sister
Lefu, saying: “Do you see how fat I am now, Sister?” Dikano was diagnosed with HIV in 2001 and was treated
with Bactrim to prevent opportunistic infections such as pneumocystis pneumonia
(PCP). In 2007 she was also diagnosed with TB and started on ART. “In 2010 I defaulted on treatment because I was working
as a domestic in Bloemfontein and my boss wouldn’t let me go to the clinic to
fetch my medicine. I’m sorry to say that I defaulted for 10 years until I had a
baby in 2017. “By the time they tested me in the antenatal screening,
my CD4 count was at 111 ? it is supposed to be at least 350. “I already had three children and they are all HIV-negative,
so they gave me Nevirapine to prevent me transmitting the virus to my baby
during childbirth.” Dikano said that after the birth she felt extremely weak
and tired, unable to walk more than a few steps and struggling to even swallow
water. “I thought it was because I had had a Caesarean section.
I was admitted to the provincial hospital for three weeks for low blood
pressure, because the X-rays didn’t show TB. I told the doctor that I’d had TB
before and recognised this feeling, but he ignored me and just changed my ARVs. “I wasn’t getting better so I discharged myself and came
here to my local clinic to tell them what happened. The next day they sent
Sister Nthabeleng to my house to fetch me. My face was swollen like a football
and I was very dehydrated. My feet were icy cold and I couldn’t sleep at all. I
thought, ‘This is it. I am dying’. “She examined me and said she thought it was TB, even if
it hadn’t shown up on the X-rays.” Dikano was placed on TB treatment and rapidly improved.
“Within a week I was feeling much better. I have just one more month of
treatment, and my baby is on INH to prevent him contracting TB.” Dikano’s four children, ranging in age from infancy to 18
years old, were so thrilled to see their mother improve that they soon joined
in ensuring that she stuck to her treatment. Dikano says that stigma around TB is in some ways worse
than the stigma of HIV. “I have been open about my HIV status for 20 years and
because I always looked fine, no one was worried. But when I got really sick
with TB, even my own siblings wouldn’t allow me to stay with them because they
were afraid I would infect their children. They know it is highly contagious
and I think I looked so bad that it frightened them.” Now feeling as if she has a new lease on life, Dikano is
a passionate advocate for education on TB and HIV: “I speak to everyone who
will listen about TB and HIV. I want to climb to the top of the mountain and
tell the world that TB can be beaten.” To learn more about TB testing and treatment go to
http://betteroffknowing.org.za/get-tested/tb/