KAIZER Chiefs, Orlando Pirates, Mamelodi Sundowns and Free State Stars will all be in action in the African Confederation Cup and Champions League this week. The big action starts tonight when Amakhosi take on Tanzanian side, Zimamoto FC, in the second leg of the preliminary stage of the Confed Cup at Amaan Stadium in Zanzibar town (6pm). Tomorrow Bucs will face Light Stars, Downs tackle Leones Vegetarianos and Stars meet Makura Victory Sports. Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas says he’ll be forced to rotate his squad once again when they visit Zimamoto, having built a solid lead by defeating them 4-0 in the first leg in Port Elizabeth. The former Free State Stars coach has been faced with the challenges of inconsistency since he took over at Chiefs and he has yet to determine his A and B starting lineup. The biggest concern for Solinas has been at the back. Chiefs go into this game on the back of a defeat after losing 1-0 to Golden Arrows at the weekend, slipping to seventh place in the Absa Premiership table with 18 points – six behind pacesetters Orlando Pirates. Solinas, who made a bevy of changes in the first leg against Zimamoto as his club was playing three games in the space of a week, said it would be impossible to select the same players. This, he says, is what happens when a club plays a big number of games in a short space of time. “We’ll change the team because we play three games in the space of seven days,” he said. “In those seven days, we travelled from Joburg to Port Elizabeth (for the first leg last week), from PE to Durban, now it’s Durban to Joburg and then Joburg to Zanzibar.” Sceptics would suggest the Italian is already preparing a disclaimer that his players are tired of travelling and that he therefore cannot commit to registering a favourable result. He added: “You must bear in mind that it is not only about the games, it’s also the travelling. We need the rotation because we need the fresh legs. It is not possible to play the same players in a short time in this manner.’’ There’s doubt that right-back Ramahlwe Mphahlele will play after he appeared to twist his knee in the game against Arrows on Saturday. He was replaced by Daniel Cardoso in the 65th minute, with the former Free State Stars slotting the at right-back, the same position he played against Zimamoto in the first leg. Solinas said he couldn’t give clarity on Mphahlele’s injury but hoped it was not severe. “I don’t know how bad the injury is. He twisted his knee, so I hope it is nothing serious,’’ he said.   