IT’S Soweto versus KwaZulu-Natal! Tomorrow’s Absa Premiership confrontations between Orlando Pirates and Maritzburg United (Orlando Stadium, 8.15pm) and Kaizer Chiefs and Golden Arrows (Princess Magogo Stadium, 6pm) will divide the people of KwaZulu-Natal and those from Soweto in Gauteng. Bucs and Amakhosi will approach the matches with their tails up after registering morale-boosting victories in their respective Confederation of African Football (Caf) campaigns midweek. Pirates demolished Seychelles side Light Stars 5-1 in the first leg of their preliminary round at Orlando, while Amakhosi thrashed Zimamoto of Zanzibar 4-0 in Port Elizabeth. Pirates hope to stretch their lead at the summit of the Premiership table with a win against the Team of Choice. They are only two points ahead of second-placed Bloemfontein Celtic and currently have 23 points from 13 outings. The seventh-placed Amakhosi aim to narrow the five-point gap between them and their fierce Soweto rivals. The Team of Choice and Abafana Bes’thende, meanwhile, have a common goal – to move away from the bottom half of the table. United are in greater danger of getting relegated since they are third bottom with nine points, while Arrows are in 11th spot with three points more. Pirates are favourites to secure maximum points, having beaten Maritzburg 2-1 in the second round at the same venue in February. The teams drew goalless in the first round. However, Arrows could cause another upset as they hammered Chiefs 3-1 in the second round in KZN in April. The teams drew 0-0 in the first round. Pirates coach Milutin Sredojevic says he will continue to rotate players to deal with the hectic schedule ahead. His side will travel to the Seychelles for the return leg against Stars next Wednesday and then meet Baroka FC in the Telkom Knockout final in Port Elizabeth three days later. Said Sredojevic: “We have the final ahead of us and there is a bridge towards that. We have to pick form in this game because it means a lot, not only to us, but to supporters and the Bucs family. “When building a house, you start with the foundation (Light Stars), the first floor is Maritzburg, second floor is to go through in Seychelles and then comes the roof (TKO final). He added: “After last Saturday’s game (2-1 win over Chiefs in TKO) we are emotionally exhausted. We made nine changes, with only two players who started against Chiefs in the starting lineup today. We have widened the pool of players competing for places. This will help us to juggle matches and rotate players, as we have a bumper programme ahead. But we have no right to think beyond Maritzburg at the moment.”