LIMPOPO’s most wanted serial rapist was arrested in
Lephalale on Wednesday afternoon. Preliminary Police investigations have revealed that the
suspect is linked to four separate rape incidents which took place in the
Marapong area outside Lephalale between the years 2015 and 2018. Police spokesperson Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said the first
alleged incident happened on 15 December 2015 at about 23:00. A 34-year-old woman was walking through an informal
settlement in this area when she was struck with a hard object on the head,
leaving her unconscious. After this attack, the victim was raped and robbed of her
belongings such as clothing, cash amount of money and cellphone. Meanwhile on 21 February 2016 at about 02:00, another
victim was walking with her friend from the party. Along the way, she was hit
with a hard object. She collapsed, and her friend managed to escape unhurt. Ngoepe said the suspect dragged the victim to the nearby
park and raped her. He said the third incident allegedly took place on the 1
May 2018 at about 23:00. The victim was walking along the street when the suspect
hit her with a hard object on the head. He then dragged her to a nearby house
and raped her. Ngoepe said the fourth incident took place on the 1 July
2018 near one of the local car washes in the area. The suspect allegedly
attacked and dragged the victim to a secluded area and raped her. Ngoepe said this suspect was previously arrested and
sentenced to two years imprisonment for burglary before he was released on
parole, which will end in June 2019. The suspect will appear before the Lephalale Magistrate's
Court soon on four cases of rape. The Provincial Commissioner of the South African Police
Service in Limpopo Lieutenant General Nneke Ledwaba has complimented the
Lephalale Cluster Team of members including the Family Violence, Child
Protection and Sexual Offences (FCS) Unit for the job well done. "The arrest of this suspect will send a clear and
strong message to all the perpetrators of the gender-based violence out there
that their days are numbered, unless they stop this heinous act now, not so,
they are going to be dealt with mercilessly and without compromise," said Ledwaba.