Higher Education and Training Minister Naledi Pandor says
the National Student Financial Aid Scheme (NSFAS) received more than 400 000 applications
for the 2019 financial year. Pandor said this at a media briefing in Cape Town on
Tuesday. Applications for funding for the 2019 academic year closed
on 3 December following a two day extension from the 30 November 2018 deadline. “As we prepare for next year, the 2019 application cycle has
proceeded relatively smoothly with more than 400 000 applications received
between the opening of applications on the 3rd September and the closing of
applications on the 3rd of December,” she said. Pandor said on average, NSFAS received more than 3 200
applications a day over the period from September to December, with the number
reaching as high as 30 000 on one of the days. Out of all the applications, 63% were females while males
made up 37% of the applications. A total of 34 413 applications were received from social
grant beneficiaries. Students who are beneficiaries of the South Africa Social
Security Agency automatically qualify in terms of the financial qualification
criteria and will be funded if admitted and registered at a TVET college or
university. “However, it is a concern that only 24% of the applications
are from learners who wish to enroll at TVET colleges, with the balance of 88%
being applications for universities,” the Minister said. Pandor said of all the applications, the highest number, 95
523, was received from the KwaZulu-Natal province. The number represents 45% of
the total number of learners that wrote their National Senior Certificate in
the province, while the lowest number was from the Northern Cape with 2 573
applications. She said the success of the current application process can
be attributed to a number of factors – including the revised and
easy-to-complete online application system, which allowed applicants to
complete an application within five minutes. The simplicity of the on-line and manual form with fewer
fields to fill; and the accessibility of NSFAS where applicants have been able
to apply at the National Youth Development Agency (NYDA) as a result of the
scheme’s long-standing partnership with the agency. NSFAS reaches out to prospective applicants “NSFAS has informed me that feedback from applications has
been positive, especially the fact that applications can be made on-line with a
cellphone, and progress can be tracked on the cellphone. Nevertheless manual
applications are still accepted and have been made in significant numbers in
instances where access to technology remains a challenges.