LIMPOPO PROVINCE has 34 Public Special Schools that accommodate about 8000 learners with disabilities. These schools are categorised as follows: Rivoni Special School produced the best grade 12 learners nationally for four consecutive years. Within the period under review, the following special schools were provided with computer laboratories suitably equipped for their learners: Grace and Hope, Bosele, Letaba, Tshilidzini, Siloe Helene Franz and Sedibeng Special schools. The province has 18 full service schools. These are schools which enrol learners with disabilities in the inclusive environment with able-bodied learners. There are 2600 learners with disabilities in regular schools in the province. University of Limpopo and University of Venda are the two universities with well-resourced Disability Units. Annually, each of these universities enrol about 200 students with disabilities. Three TVET Colleges started enrolling blind students, i.e. Capricorn, Sekhukhune and Vhembe TVET Colleges. Waterberg and Vhembe TVET Colleges have prepared themselves to enrol deaf students in 2019. ETDPSETA and Construction Seta implemented learnerships targeting people with disabilities over a period of five years. People with disabilities were trained in community development, SA Sign Language and construction related fields. HEALTH Department of Health has a rehabilitation programme supporting people with disabilities with assistive devices such as spectacles, wheelchairs, medical orthotics and prosthetics, hearing aids and walking aids. These devices improve the independence of people with disabilities to the extent that they can access education, employment and other social services. PARTICIPATION IN GOVERNANCE The province has organisations of people with disabilities, which actively advocate for the equalisation of opportunities for this sector. These organisations include: Deaf Federation of Limpopo, Disabled People South Africa and SA National Association of Blind and Partially sighted Persons. The province is proud to have recorded 8 councillors with disabilities in municipalities during the 2016 local government elections. Mopani District has four, Vhembe District has two and Waterberg District has two. JOB CREATION Limpopo Province is the province with many people with disabilities in Senior Management level. Nine Departments out of twelve have people with disabilities at this level. Four departments have achieved overall 2% employment of people with disabilities, i.e. Office of the Premier, Agriculture and Rural Development, Social Development and Public Works, Roads and Infrastructure. Six departments achieved above 1% employment of people with disabilities, i.e. Sport, Arts and Culture, Transport, COGHSTA, LEDET, Provincial Treasury and Community Safety. Limpopo Province is the only province in South Africa that adopted the Provincial Procurement Strategy within this period which has 7% disability targets. Department of Economic Development, Environment and Tourism launched Limpopo People with Disabilities in Business in 2017 with the view of economically empowering people with disabilities. Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in Limpopo is the only Department of Agriculture in South Africa which organises People with Disabilities in Agriculture and Rural Development Awards. These awards were held four years consecutively. This programme is producing farmers with disabilities, who also win national awards. PREVENTION OF CRIME ANDCORRUPTION Limpopo Province annually organises disability awareness campaigns to change negative attitudes towards people with disabilities. This programme includes: albinism awareness, autism awareness, mental illness awareness, to mention a few.