SOUTH AFRICA has the appetite to host the Africa Cup of Nations finals in 2019. That’s the strong view of the SA Sports and Recreation Minister Tokozile Xasa. The Confederation of African Football (Caf) stripped Cameroon of the rights to host the 2019 finals and Mzansi has emerged as the leading country to rescue the African football mother body. Mzansi and the North African powerhouse Morocco are the two countries that have emerged as possible replacements. The SA Football Association (Safa) president, Dr Danny Jordaan, expressed the local football association’s desire to step into Cameroon’s shoes and host the new-look 24-team tournament scheduled to take place in June/July next year. The SA government is keen to host the continental showpiece. Xasa, who is a former Tourism Minister, knows the benefits of hosting the biannual tournament. But she made her position known that SA would not bid to host the showpiece and will do so, if asked to host it by Caf. Xasa said there are returns to be made and Mzansi would jump at the opportunity to host the big soccer tournament. Said Xasa: “There are indications from Caf that they are interested in having South Africa host the Afcon finals next year to fill in the void left by Cameroon. “We’re waiting for Caf to put their proposal on the table. We need to know what they are offering and what that offer entails, so we can take it forward,” she said. Afcon is now bigger than what it used to be so there are many things to consider. There will be some costs involved, but if the terms are favourable SA is opened to hosting the big event.” Xasa said as soon as Safa and Caf engage her further she will present the proposal in front of cabinet. But she will not entertain bidding cost as she wants to cut down on the costs of hosting. She insists that the hunger to host this tournament is big as football is SA’s number one sport. She added: “If we are able to present it before the cabinet that it’s beneficial to our country we will do it. “Hosting the tournament will create jobs and other opportunities. That is critical.She said that there will be a team of ministerial committee as head of states and other officials will come to South Africa if they decide to host it. “As government, we’re seriously considering it,” she added.