Aphiwe Dyantyi has been nominated for the prestigious SA Rugby Player of
the Year Award for 2018. Dyantyi, who won the World Rugby Breakthrough Player of the year Award last month, Franco Mostert and Handre Pollard is nominated alongside two
bruising Springbok forwards - winners in 2017 Malcolm
Marxand
2016 Pieter-Steph
du Toit. Blitzboks and their coach,
Neil Powell, were yet again nominated in two categories following the
successful defence of their World Rugby Sevens Series crown. And in the category for Young
Player of the Year, Springbok lock RG Snyman is up against four fleet-footed
backs in Aphelele Fassi, Sbu Nkosi, Embrose Papier and Damian Willemse. Two teams and their coaches
were nominated in the categories for Team and Coach of the Year - Powell of the
World Rugby Sevens Series champions, the Springbok Sevens team, and Swys de
Bruin of the Lions, who finished as runners-up in Super Rugby for a third year
running. They are joined by SA Rugby’s
Director of Rugby Rassie Erasmus (Coach of the Year nomination) and Currie Cup
Premier Division champions, the Sharks (Team of the Year nomination). "These are exciting times
for South African rugby and the number of new players who made their mark for
the Springboks is encouraging for the future," said SA Rugby president
Mark Alexander. "I would like to
congratulate all the nominees for their outstanding performances over the last
year and wish them well for 2019, which is a massive year for us. "The Springboks have
shown a great resurgence under Rassie Erasmus and his coaching team and the
fact that the media nominated him as one of the three Coaches of the Year is
testimony to this. We believe we are heading in the right direction in our
preparation for the Rugby World Cup in 2019. "We’re also very proud of
the Blitzboks and their coach, Neil Powell, who recently started their defence
of the World Rugby Sevens Series trophy, which has stood proudly in South
Africa for the last two years. Their nominations are just reward for consistently
performing at a world-class standard." The nominations for the Junior
Springbok Player of the Year award were very close, with four players making
the short-list - Tyrone Green, Salmaan Moerat, Wandisile Simelane and Damian
Willemse. And the three Blitzboks who
are nominated for the Springbok Sevens Player of the Year award are Werner Kok,
Dylan Sage - who was included in the World Rugby Sevens Dream Team - and Ruhan
Nel. The other categories where
awards will be made are: Craven Week Player of the Tournament, Referee of the
Year and Springbok Women’s Achiever of the Year. Details of the announcement of
the winners’ names will be made early in the new season next year. The winners
will be announced before the start of the Super Rugby season. The nominees are
(in alphabetical order): SA Rugby Player of
the Year 1 Pieter-Steph du Toit 2 Aphiwe Dyantyi 3 Malcolm Marx 4 Franco Mostert 5 Handre Pollard SA Rugby Young
Player of the Year 1 Aphelele Fassi 2 Sbu Nkosi 3 Embrose Papier 4 RG Snyman 5 Damian Willemse Team of the Year 1 Lions (Super Rugby
runners-up) 2 Sharks (Currie Cup Premier
Division winners) 3 Springbok Sevens (World
Rugby Sevens Series winners) Coach of the Year 1 Swys de Bruin (Lions) 2 Rassie Erasmus (Springboks) 3 Neil Powell (Springbok
Sevens) Springbok Sevens
Player of the Year 1 Werner Kok 2 Ruhan Nel 3 Dylan Sage Junior Springbok
Player of the Year 1 Tyrone Green 2 Salmaan Moerat 3 Wandisile Simelane 4 Damian Willemse Super Rugby Player
of the Tournament 1 Aphiwe Dyantyi (Lions) 2 Malcolm Marx (Lions) 3 Franco Mostert (Lions) Currie Cup Premier
Division Player of the Year 1 SP Marais (Western Province) 2 Sergeal Petersen (Western
Province) 3 Akker van der Merwe (Sharks) Currie Cup First
Division Player of the Year 1 Divan Nel (SWD Eagles) 2 Anrich Richter (Valke) 3 Etienne Taljaard (Valke) SuperSport Rugby
Challenge Player of the Year 1 Enver Brandt (Griquas) 2 Ruwellyn Isbell (Pumas) 3 Chris Smith (Pumas) 4 Stefan Ungerer (Pumas 