A number of famous faces have rolled their sleeves up to lay a helping hand on the dire situation in Alexandra. Residents of the Gauteng township have been devastated after a shack fire reportedly destroyed 500 shacks in the area of informal settlements, leaving hundreds stranded. As soon as the severity of the situation became apparent, a call for aid was immediately made by emergency personal, local government, business and civil society. ALEX FIRE – DONATION DROP OFF CENTRES! Among the loudest in the call was Anele Mdoda, who sprang into action and got local businesses and personalities involved. On a cold and rainy Sunday afternoon yesterday, Anele, Minnie Dlamini and Celeste Ntuli took time out to prepare and serve food to the devastated Alex community. “A massive thank you Shoprite SA for giving us rolls and boerewors to make lunch for the affected people of the #AlexFire. 2000 people easily fed. Thanks so much to Tumi Sole for jumping in and helping with the roll out and Celeste Ntuli and Minnie Dlamini for all the help,” Anele tweeted. ANELE RALLIES SUPPORT FOR ALEXANDRA FIRE VICTIMS Minnie also spoke about why it was so important for her to help out. “Alex has a very special place in my heart, it’s where my Dad was born. So when I heard about the fire and everything Anele Mdoda was doing to help I immediately wanted to volunteer my time. Today felt really good and we had fun,” she said. She also gave props to Anele for all her efforts. ICYMI: Man hospitalised after Alexandra community accuse him of arson “What Anele has done to rally us all from corporate to individuals, to help the community suffering from the #AlexFire is beautiful! God Bless you siswam,” Minnie tweeted. Meanwhile, Celeste said it was our duty to help other people. “Thank you, today reminded of the responsibility we have as black people towards each other. We need to be more loving, caring and sensitive towards one another as we heal through the journey of life,” she said. In addition, KFC’s Add Hope has pledged to feed 300 families over the next three months by providing them with food parcels and will also provide food to Uber, who have promised to use their network to deliver food to Alex. The CEO of Cell C has also pledged to donated R75 000 to the relief aid currently underway, while Cuddlers have donated R25 000 worth of nappies and baby wipes. Local supermarket giant, Spur sent a truck filled with R50 000 worth of supplies to Alex   Thank you today reminded of the responsibility we have as black people towards each other. We need to be more loving, caring and sensitive towards one another as we heal through the journey of life!! Thank you @shopritesa for the food. #MJENDEVUDIARIES #ALEXFIRE @zintathu @minniedlamini ?????????????????? LIVE LOVE LAUGH LIGHT AND LAND A post shared by  Celeste Ntuli (@celestentuli) on Dec 9, 2018 at 8:46am PST  Thank you so much @zintathu and @minniedlamini for taking me to do the work!! #MJENDEVUDIARIES #ALEXFIRE Let’s help where we can!! ?????????????????? LIVE LOVE LAUGH LIGHT AND LAND A post shared by  Celeste Ntuli (@celestentuli) on Dec 9, 2018 at 7:00am PST  I continue to be really grateful to all who have jumped on board to lessen the pain felt by the victims of the senseless ALEX Fire. On Friday I reached out to @shoprite_SA and they said they would love to give me food. @meredithjones26 sorted us out with help to cook and today we served lunch to 2000 people. Every little bit helps and even in a dark time we got to laugh a little and eat a lot. Thanks to my girls @minniedlamini and @celestentuli who didn’t even think twice when I asked for help. Long way to go but we gotta start somewhere. @lunganig you are standard in my crazy ideas. Thank you. A post shared by  zintathu (@zintathu) on Dec 9, 2018 at 7:10am PST  My immediate thought as I saw the ALEX fires on eNCA was what are they going to eat tonight so we made a plan, then the next thought was what will they eat for the next week whilst they attempt to rebuild what were already dire conditions, everything got taken by the flames. Thank you KFC. Every bit helps, a lot. A post shared by  zintathu (@zintathu) on Dec 7, 2018 at 6:13am PST  Anything goes a long way, R75 000 goes a looooong way, Jose and Team thank you so much chaps !!! This little girl from Mthatha thanks you from the bottom of my heart. I don’t know how I will ever repay you but ke...izandla Ziyagezana @cellcsa #AlexFires A post shared by  zintathu (@zintathu) on Dec 7, 2018 at 1:22am PST  Thank you thank you thank you !!! I am so tears right now !!!! Enkosi !!!! A post shared by  zintathu (@zintathu) on Dec 7, 2018 at 12:56am PST  Will let you know as soon as that is up and running. #AlexFireRelief Thank you @uber_rsa A post shared by  zintathu (@zintathu) on Dec 6, 2018 at 9:40pm PST  Piet Van Vuuren from SPAR called into the show this morning and said as part of the 947 SPAR Truck of love they are sending a truck full of supplies valued at R50 000. This means the world. Remember guys anything can be dropped off at the SANDTON FIRE STATION. Enkosi !!! #AlexFireRelief A post shared by  zintathu (@zintathu) on Dec 6, 2018 at 9:37pm PST   