BABIES, BABIES and more babies! Gauteng has recorded the most births with 324 babies delivered on Christmas Day. Baby boys number 176 and 148 are girls. Veronica Nyathi (23), who gave birth to a baby boy at Tembisa Hospital, named her son Blessing. She said: “I never thought he’d be born on Christmas Day. He’s such a blessing.” In Tshwane, at least 90 babies were delivered. Constance Kolo (36), mother of Ofentse Kolo who was born at Steve Biko Hospital, told Daily Sun: “This is the happiest moment of my life!” The hospital’s acting CEO, Anna Mowayo, said two babies were born through Caesarean section. “We were honoured to have been visited by mayor Solly Msimanga.” LIMPOPO: About 214 babies were welcomed on Tuesday. The first delivery took place at Nkhensani Hospital at exactly midnight. Health MEC Dr Phophi Ramathuba said: “We commend our midwives who delivered the babies in good health.” Mpumalanga: The province recorded 63 babies. First-time mum Annah Masinga (20) said it was a special day for her. Excited mum Sphiwe Thete (35) at Tintswalo Hospital in Arconhoek said: “My handsome son is a special gift to me.” FREE STATE: Baby boy Tlotliso was born at exactly midnight at the Pelonomi Hospital. His mum Matseko Mokhitlinyane (41) said: “I named her Tlotliso to show how I praise the Lord. My husband is very happy, too.” She said she was very happy to receive gifts from Free State Health MEC Montseng Tsiu. Health spokesman Mondli Mvambi said a total of 35 babies were delivered. KZN: Home Affairs Minister Siyabonga Cwele, KZN Health MEC Dr Sibongiseni Dhlomo and eThekwini mayor Zandile Gumede welcomed babies at Prince Mshiyeni and at RK Khan hospitals. Nompumelelo Mkhwanazi (33) said she named her baby Nhlanhla. Sibahle Mthembu (29) and Sithembiso Mlumbi (29) said they were proud parents of a baby girl named Aphile. Health spokesman Agiza Hlongwane said the province had a total of 106 Christmas babies – 63 boys and 43 girls E  astern Cape: The province had 275 babies born in government hospitals. Health MEC Helen Sauls-August said: “A total of 275 babies were born at public health facilities. “There were two sets of twins from Frontier Hospital.”