The first ever Cannabis Expo on the African continent has officially begun in Tshwane and its lit! It’s all going down at The Maslow, Time Square in the capital city where, until the 16th of December 2018, industry leaders will bring the very best and latest developments in the business to the consumer. All the exhibitor stands were sold out before the expo began, so visitors with high expectations will not be disappointed. READ ALSO: TWO BUST WITH DAGGA STASH “This multifaceted expo provides visitors the opportunity to find out everything there is to know about cannabis from experts across the industry. Visitors will be able to learn about the laws around cannabis, how to get a grower’s permit, what tools and lights are needed to grow the best crops, the wide range of health benefits of cannabis as well as about the vast business opportunities the cannabis industry has to offer,” organizers of the expo said. The expo serves as a market place for education as well as the innovative products and businesses serving the industry. “As the largest consumer expo of its kind in Africa, the exhibition includes networking and entertainment spaces as well as a Convention Stage that will host speakers every half-hour, with topics around growing, legislation, policy and healthcare taking centre stage,” the organizers continued. ICYMI: SUSPECTS CAUGHT WITH DAGGA Revelers can look forward to coming into contact with innovative greenhouse projects, herbal preservers for the effective storing and curing of cannabis, CBD extraction technologies and product processing kits, vape concentrates, tailored hemp garments, and so much more at the Cannabis Expo. Cannabis-infused products like oils, creams, and energy drinks will also be on offer. And because the expo is invested in growing the recently legalized business, zol-related financial services from across the industry will be available. Entry into the expo will set you back R200 at the door for access into all the fun on: FRIDAY: 10h00 - 20h00 SATURDAY: 10h00 - 20h00 SUNDAY: 10h00 - 18h00 The expo will be going around the country in 2019 starting with Cape Town at GrandWest from 4 to 7 April 2019, and then Durban at Sibaya from 6 to 9 June 2019. 