IT’S that time of the year again when aspiring footballers strut their God-given talent hoping to be scouted by professional clubs. Aspiring professional players, in the absence of PSL stars, have been displaying their talent to the cheering crowds. And shining they have been in different parts of the country. The off-season tournaments are go-to places as supporters enjoy every moment of the games. Just like in the past 26 years, Tembisa has been a hive of activities since last week Sunday when the Philly’s Games kicked off at EmaSeven grounds in Ivory Park. The games started in a high tempo as the new comers wanted to prove themselves. With last year’s top eight finishers already seeded in the Last 16, it was up to the new teams to fight it out against one another in the preliminary rounds. One of the organisers of the games Bheki Zondo said they were always oversubscribed hence they decided that whoever finishes in the top eight is guaranteed next year’s participation. “The games have grown in leaps and bounds and many clubs want to be part of this tournament. Unfortunately, we can’t accommodate all of them. It has been a good ride in the past 26 years and we are not backing down. Our partners have been great and we can’t thank them enough,” said Zondo. “We had a pool of 16 unseeded teams and eight seeded teams. The eight seeded teams only played from the last 16 round, whereas the 16 unseeded teams played from day one, in the round robin stage.” Like it is the tradition with the games, they move from one place to another in and around the township. They started in Ivory Park and the final round of the Last 16 was played at Phomolong Sports Grounds. After taking a two-day Christmas and Boxing Day break, the second leg of the quarter-finals will commence today. The first leg of the semis will be played tomorrow at the Esiqongweni Sports Grounds with the second leg on Saturday at Mehlareng Stadium. The final will be played on 30 December 30 at the Makhulong Stadium. Winners will pocket R200 000.