When her two-roomed mud hut collapsed on top of her during a heavy hailstorm, gogo Noxolo Mvula was forced to seek refuge with relatives. The storm left hundreds of people across five villages along the N2 road between Mthatha and Qunu destitute last year in January. And the 79-year-old gogo was left with nothing. But on Wednesday she unlocked the door to her new fully furnished two-bedroomed house in Ngqwarha village. “When my flat collapsed I had nothing left,” Noxolo said. “If I could take out my heart the happiness would be clearly visible,” Noxolo added. But Noxolo was not the only person to get a new house. Another elderly woman, Novumile Ngebulana (80) from Matyengqina village, also received the keys to her new house. Ngebulana was living in a dilapidated rondavel, but now also owns a two-bedroom house thanks to the department of human settlements. “When it rained I had to put buckets out so that the whole house did not get wet,” she said. “I would even get colds, especially in the winter, as my room had massive holes,” said Ngebulana. She said she kept praying that the rondavel would not collapse on her while she was sleeping. A sum of R45 million will be spent towards bringing back the dignity of the more than 200 families affected by the storm, and other residents of the area. OR Tambo mayoral council for human settlements and disaster management member Dumasani Mjokovana asked residents who suffered in the storm to be patient. “Another phase will follow, in which houses will be given to the people,” said Dumasani. He thanked the families who had the will to fix their houses in the meantime More than 200 families were left destitute by the storm Noxolo Mvula from Ngqwarha village in Mqanduli was left disabled by the storm that wreaked havoc in more than five villages along the N2 road between Mthatha and Qunu. But on Wednesday she unlocked a door to her fully furnished two bedroom house Ngqwarha village built by the department of human settlements almost two years after the tragic storm Although she said living life with a disability was hard she said her family was very accommodating of her