Rapper, L-Tido is devastated at what has happened to the Alexander community who were left destitute by wild fires two weeks ago. The rapper expressed his sadness on social media this week and asked for people to help bring relief to the community. “600 people lost their homes so we’d appreciate it if you guys helped us out. Whether it’s blankets, non-perishable foods or clothes, anything that you can do to help us out,” he said. READ ALSO: COUNTING THE COST This is a cause that is close to the rapper’s heart who was born and raised in Alexander township where the fires left hundreds of people homeless. “Anyone willing to give a helping hand (with literally anything at all, can even be a loaf of bread or old clothes) can simply leave a comment and we’ll DM you. THIS IS AN URGENT MATTER,” he continued on his Instagram page. The cotton eater, Riky Rick quickly reached out to his fellow rapper and donated as much as he could in aid of the people of Alex. PICS: CELEBS SERVE FOOD TO #AlexFire VICTIMS “Thank you to my bro Riky Rick for reaching out to me and donating a lot of clothes and money towards the victims of the #AlexFire disaster,” L-Tido said. Other celebs like Siyabonga ‘Scoop’ Ngwekazi and Nomuzi Mabena also made donations following L-Tido’s call for help. L-Tido, real name Thato Madonsela, has since teamed up with the largest disaster relief organisation of African origin, the Gift of the Givers Foundation, to continue supporting his hometown. “Thanks to everybody for reaching out to me about the #AlexFire, I appreciated if you would also like to help with blankets food, clothes etc please drop off your donations at Gift Of The Givers Foundation. Address: 22 Orchard Road, Chrystal Gardens, off Corlett Drive, Bramley,” he said. I came back to Joburg to hear these devastating news. I REALLY REALLY NEED YOUR HELP ???? Anyone willing to give a helping hand (with literally anything at all, can even be a loaf of bread or old clothes) can simply leave a comment and we’ll DM you. THIS IS AN URGENT MATTER ?? A post shared by  l_tido ???? (@l_tido) on Dec 10, 2018 at 4:30am PST  Thank you to my bro @rikyrickworld for reaching out to me and donating a lot of clothes and money towards the victims of the #AlexFire disaster! A post shared by  l_tido ???? (@l_tido) on Dec 11, 2018 at 7:38am PST   