A LAMBORGHINI is quite a sight in the kasi. So when Tumelo Mngomezulu saw this rare beauty, he could not help but take a video. But the exciting moment did not end well, because Ekurhuleni Metro cops threatened to moer him for admiring the Lamborghini! A video in which Tumelo (24) from Benoni, Ekurhuleni, is verbally threatened and intimidated by the officers is making the rounds. Speaking to Daily Sun, Tumelo said the incident took place in Daveyton on Sunday during a roadblock. He said the Lamborghini came along while he was at the roadblock. The driver suddenly revved his car and started spinning, much to the delight of Tumelo and other onlookers. An excited Tumelo could not believe his eyes when the Lamborghini performed doughnuts before driving away. “I mean, we are used to seeing BMW 325i’s spinning in the kasi, not Lamborghinis,” he said. An avid car lover, especially of sports cars, Tumelo got into his car and followed the Lamborghini. “I wanted to ask for permission to take pictures of the car because it is a really beautiful car,” he told the People’s Paper. As he followed the Lambo, Metro cops overtook him and blocked the Lamborghini, reportedly for spinning in front of the roadblock. As they were talking to the driver, Tumelo saw his golden opportunity. He whipped out his phone and excitedly started taking videos of the Lamborghini. That is when all hell broke loose. Two officers saw Tumelo recording the car and shouted at him to stop. “Stop recording or else we will smack you,” one of the cops is heard screaming. An exchange took place between the officers and Tumelo, where they tried to confiscate his phone. He said he felt intimidated. “I felt like my rights were being violated because I was not doing anything wrong,” he said. Ekurhuleni Metro cops spokesman Wilfred Kgasago told Daily Sun the incident was referred to the their internal affairs. “We are waiting for the officers involved to be interviewed and to submit a solemn statement,” said Kgasago. 