Actress and TV presenter, Amanda Du-Pont has revealed the real reason behind her departure from the SABC 1 gossip show, Real Goboza (RGB). Amanda left the show in 2016 after she had been with them for three years, telling the media at the time that the show’s season in her life had come and gone and it was time to focus on other “business and presenting ventures”. Even though she has since soared in her life and career, questions surrounding her departure from the show have always been in the air. But now, we finally have the truth. It just wasn’t her, she says; the gossip, the negativity, and the backlash; it’s just not something she felt was who she is. The Skeem Saam actress was recently on Metro FM’s Lunch with Thomas and Pearl and she made the big revelation. “I enjoyed the platform, but certain parts of the show had to be spicy and saucy to certain people and I no longer had it in me to do it. I know it was for entertainment but at what cost? It’s not ok, imagine I know you and then this week I’m like ‘Yhu, Pearl what were you wearing? And I’m like that’s not me and it doesn’t serve me or my purpose so maybe it’s time I should leave,” she told the pair. She went on to speak about how the show nearly ruined her relationship with Khanyi Mbau. “I remember Khanyi once called me and she was like ‘Friend how can you say that? My mom loves you, why would you say that about me? 'And I was like friend, they made me and it was at that point where I was just like, I don’t have to do this, so now it’s all about things that are positive,” Amanda continued. She ended off by saying that she still values the opportunity to have been on the show. “I don’t regret anything. I’m very grateful for the platform, it served a certain purpose [and] it got me out there, definitely but then, I think, you’re responsible to make certain choices. If I stayed in that then that’s say that [it really is who I am], laughing and people at people and thinking I am better, and I am better,” she concluded. The Swaziland-born star says she is now in a space where she feels better, she is “living through grace” and her journey has gone beyond just being about her. She says she is more confident, she’s better at juggling everything on her plate and is more supportive of other women now.  