ORLANDO Pirates look set to secure a spot in the next round of the Caf Champions League. Pirates tackle Seychelles side Light Stars FC in their preliminary round second leg clash away tomorrow (4pm). The Soweto giants have an incredible 5-1 lead registered at Orlando Stadium in the first leg last week. The winner of the tie will face either Volcan do Moroni of Comoros or Namibia’s African Stars in the next round. Bucs also have one eye trained on the Telkom Knockout final against Baroka FC at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth on Saturday. Pirates have given consistent performances domestically which has also extended to their mission to get a second star on their jersey. Milutin Sredojevic’s charges want to emulate the side that won the continental competition in 1995 when they beat Ivory Coast outfit Asec Mimosas 1-0 on aggregate in the two legged final. The team failed to achieve the target in 2013 under the guidance of coach Roger de Sa when they lost 3-1 on aggregate to Egyptian giants Al Ahly in the final. The experience they gained helped Pirates reach the Confederation Cup final in 2015 with Eric Tinkler in charge, but unfortunately they got beaten 2-1 on aggregate by Tunisian side Etoile du Sahel. Although it’s still early days, the hunger displayed by the current crop of players shows they are eager to rewrite the history books. Pirates winger Linda Mntambo hopes to get another run as Sredojevic said he would again rest regulars to keep them fresh for the final. Said Mntambo: “The coach always gives me a chance when he rests the starting players. I am really happy for the opportunities he has given me. It will be a long season, there will be injuries, suspensions and I have to stay ready so that when I get an opportunity, I can make everyone associated with the Bucs brand happy.” Mntambo said doing well against Light Stars could be his ticket to starting in the final: “I don’t know if I will play in the final or not, it’s up to the coaches to decide. “I just have to stay positive and ensure I do my best when given a chance.”