RESIDENTS of KaMaqhekeza in Mpu- malanga told the minister of public services and administration, Ayanda Dlodlo, they feel as if they do not belong in South Africa. They said this was  when she visited the area on Monday (03 December) to attend for  the service delivery imbizo with in the community. The imbizo aimed to serves as a strategic engagement platform to ensure sustainable solutions to some of the challenges facing the community. It is also to resolve service delivery bottlenecks and strengthen cooperation with social partners to improve service delivery. Dlodlo who was accompanied by Mpumalanga Community Safety MEC Pat Ngomane. Ngomane who also conducted a surprise an unannounced visit to the Lebombo border post to assess the state of the facility and its readiness to manage emigration services during the busy demanding festive season. Dlodlo and Ngomane They also met with border management authorities to seek and understand the challenges at the border post. Oscar Ntuli (74) told Daily Sun they were tired of being isolated by the Mpumalanga government. He said they felt like they had been dumped in the area because there was no development and people were still suffering. “Our government makes us feel like we don’t belong in South Africa. We don’t get the necessary services that others are getting, and our children are unemployed and don’t get the benefits of being South Africans,” he said. Ntuli said the government only came to them during the voting season and kept on telling them lies. “Our problems have been there for years. They are not new, and we believe that the only person who can solve our problems is president Cyril Ramaphosa. Everyone else is just telling us lies,” said Ntuli. Meanwhile,  minister Meanwhile, Dlodlo said the government must get rid of eradicate the problem of service providers who are who, instead of delivering the services to that will developing the area, and only for those companies to disappeared with public funds without delivering the services required by their contracts. “We did not make a mistake in coming are here to resolve delivery bottlenecks and not here to campaign. “We are here out of the realization that coordinating national, provincial and local spheres of government can better serve this community,” said Dlodlo.