FORMER Gauteng MEC for transport and senior ANC member
Khabisi Mosunkutu died on Monday evening. His wife, Nonqaba Mosunkutu, told News24 that Mosunkutu,
68, passed away at his Johannesburg home around 10pm on Monday night. It is
believed that he died from complications of a stroke that he suffered in July
this year. He has since been receiving treatment but his condition had
worsened. Nonqaba said that since their house burnt down in 2016,
Mosunkutu started struggling with his health. "He could not take it. Last year he was admitted to
Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital," said Nonqaba. She added that there were complications, but that his
death still came as a shock as he was doing a lot better, after suffering a
setback in November. "Yesterday, he was not as bad as he was three weeks
ago." Nonqaba said that the loss of her husband, a day before
Christmas, has been taking its toll on the family. "I am not that okay, because I'm so used to having
him around us as a family." She added that she was at home with Mosunkutu and his
children when he passed away. In a statement, the ANC in Gauteng said it sends its
deepest condolences to the family of Mosunkutu. Provincial spokeswoman Tasneem Motara said that Mosunkutu
finally succumbed to a call-up to "join a galaxy of gallant freedom
fighters and stalwarts of our movement whose immense contribution to building a
non-racial, non-sexist and equal South Africa will never be forgotten". "As a trade unionist, he was one of the founding
members of Cosatu and is the former general secretary and president of the Post
and Telecommunications Workers' Union, where he played a key role in ensuring
that workers were not only united but were at the forefront of dislodging the
repressive apartheid regime," said Motara. "It was Cde Mosunkutu's desire to see the dawn of a
new South Africa where the laws of the land would apply equally to all and
where black people would not be second class citizens in their own country that
propelled him to play various roles in progressive structures aligned to the
liberation movement." Motara said Mosunkutu will be remembered for his
firm-handedness when dealing with the taxi violence while he was MEC for
transport. "It was his no-nonsense approach that saw him
bringing stability into the troubled industry." According to Motara, Mosunkutu was an active member of
the Soweto Civic Association, the South African Civic Organisation, the United
Democratic Front in the former Southern Transvaal as well as a member of the
underground ANC and its military wing uMkhonto we Sizwe during apartheid. Mosunkutu was also a member of the Gauteng Provincial
Legislature and also served as MEC in various portfolios of Community Safety,
Transport and Agriculture, Conservation and Environment. "His passing could not have come at a worse time. It
comes at a period where many a family are gathered together to reflect on the
year that has been and to send each other messages of goodwill. The timing has
only served to deepen the pain we feel at this great loss."