FORMER Comrades Marathon champion Charne Bosman is excited to take part in the Nelson Mandela Remembrance Walk and Run. She describes taking part in this popular event as the highest honour in her career. The fifth edition of the event forms part of Nelson Mandela Centenary celebrations. The race will start and finish at the Union Buildings in Pretoria, Tshwane, on Sunday. The good news is that people who want to take part in this historic event can still register to compete in the 10km, 21,1km or 5km fun walk at www.mandelawalkandrun.com until midnight on Friday. The entry fee for the 21,1km main race is R150, the 10km fee is R100 and participation in the 5km walk costs R50. The half marathon will start at the Union Buildings at 7am followed by the 10km casual run at 8am. The 5km fun walk, which will see Gauteng MEC for Sport Faith Mazibuko and SA Sport Minister Tokozile Xasa join thousands of walkers, starts at the Kgosi Mampuru Correctional Centre at 9am. Although it’s a short distance for the road running queen, Bosman says it’s an honour to run in the name of Tata. Nedbank Running Club’s star runner urged all South Africans to come in their numbers, make friends and help make the world a better place. Some 30 000 enthusiastic runners are expected to line up in the streets of the capital. The event is presented by the Gauteng provincial government in partnership with the Nelson Mandela Foundation. Bosman said she would use the race as part of her preparation for next season’s Two Oceans and Comrades marathons: “I’m using the race as part of my training, but above all it’s an honour to run the race in honour of Tata Madiba. It’s a short race but I’m more interested in joining thousands of people to celebrate this icon. I urge the runners to make friends, assist each other to get to the finish line and have a fun-filled day.” Bosman ran in the Nelson Mandela Marathon in Pietermaritzburg last year but will be making her debut in the growing Remembrance Walk and Run this year. She added: “It’s the prestige of the race that has moved me. I will run it with others and have fun. It’s not about winning.” She will be joined by other elite runners such as Benedict Moeng, former World Student half marathon silver medallist Collen Mulaudzi and former Comrades winner Ludwick Mamabolo.