DESIREE Ellis must have tossed and turned in bed in the city of Accra, Ghana, on Tuesday night, probably not sleeping a wink. This was not because the 55-year-old from Salt River, Cape Town, was worried or having nightmares about something terrible, but because she succeeded where others have failed. “A very special moment,” the stunned coach told SunSport, still in disbelief that her team Banyana Banyana will be boarding a SAA flight to France to be one of only 24 teams competing for the Fifa World Cup trophy in 2019. “Uhm . . it’s difficult to express – it’s a huge moment for South African football,” she exclaimed. “Yah, we are going to France!” And she would not be blamed if she couldn’t sleep because who would be able to sleep peacefully when you achieved what coaches like Vera Pauw, Joseph Mkhonza and Augustine Makalakalane could not. “This is victory for South Africa. We are glad to be part of this group, of the many players and coaches who came before us. It’s a very special moment for everybody.” Like all true heroins, Ellis refused to take sole credit, attributing the success to everyone in the team, including backroom staff – her assistant Thinasonke Mbuli, fitness trainer and goalkeeper coach. She stated: “It’s never about me. As a coach my job is to improve the players and get results. We’re all part of the group that helped Banyana qualify for the World Cup. “That’s just the way I was raised – everybody deserves credit. “I never doubted myself. I have always told myself ‘you have to know your work’. And this is what I tell everybody else too.” But the job is not done yet: Ellis’ dream finish would be victory over Nigeria’s Super Falcons to wrest the title away from the champions in the African Women’s Cup of Nations final on Saturday. But the Nigerians will be coming guns blazing as they seek revenge after Banyana beat them 1-0 in their opening group stage match. Nigeria are also through to the World Cup after they defeated Cameroon on penalties in the other semifinal. If head-to-head statistics were to be applied, Banyana seem guaranteed of victory over Nigeria, but that is not how football works. During her eight-year playing career for Banyana dating back to when she was 30, Ellis did not get to play in a global competition. Now she is coach of the team heading for the world stage in France from 7 June to 7 July next year. There seems to be a special connection between the country for Mzansi’s national teams. Bafana Bafana played their first ever World Cup in France in 1998 and now, 20 years later, Banyana have qualified for a World Cup event in the country too. Interestingly, South Africa’s very own Clive Barker took Bafana to the World Cup, and it is a local again, with Capetonian Ellis. Ellis has been part of Banyana for a long time as player, assistant coach, interim coach and now head coach. She was assistant to Dutch mentor Vera Pauw when they went to the 2016 Rio Olympics in Brazil. Ellis served as interim coach for almost 16 months and last year won the Cosafa Cup in Zimbabwe to become the first South African to achieve that as a player and coach. In February this year, amid much scepticism, the South African was finally offered the job regarded by many as a poisoned chalice. 