IT goes without saying that South Africans will be singing “Shosholoza” in unison on Saturday! Shosholoza is a traditional South African song usually sung when the people of the country unite behind a single goal – VICTORY. The citizens of Mzansi and supporters around the continent will be looking to Sasol-sponsored Banyana Banyana to make the country proud by winning the Africa Women’s Cup of Nations when they meet Nigeria’s Super Falcons at Accra Stadium in Ghana, Saturday (6pm SA time). A win in the final would be the perfect end to a near perfect Women’s Afcon tournament after Banyana made history by qualifying for the 2019 Fifa Women’s World Cup to be held in France from 7 June to 7 July. Their qualification led to celebrations in Mzansi, with congratulations streaming in, including special congratulations from President Cyril Ramaphosa and Safa boss Danny Jordaan. Banyana players can’t afford any mistakes or slip-ups now – there are potential sponsors waiting to jump on the bandwagon, as the issue of financial disparity with their male counterparts has already been raised again. The carrot dangling in front of Desiree Ellis’ charges is that winning the Women’s Afcon will see them share a whopping R3,3 million, with each player set to get approximately R160 00. Banyana will face the Super Falcons without versatile midfield maestro Refiloe “Fifi” Jane, who has returned to her Australian club Canberra United. The Australian club had cut a deal with Safa before the tournament that Jane would be released from camp on 28 November. Fifi was an instrumental cog in the Banyana machine and she admits that she is dejected to be missing out on the final. “It is sad,” she said before her departure from Ghana. “I wanted to play against Nigeria in the final. But even though part of me wants to stay, I have to go and fulfil my dream of playing in the professional league in Australia.” Banyana go into the tournament final beaming with confidence and Jermaine Seoposenwe said they would play with a lot of heart and determination, as they want to win this competition. Said Seoposenwe: “We are one match away from rewriting our history. I think nothing can stop us now if we continue working hard. “It will be a fight from the first minute until the end. Many people think our previous clash’s outcome, where we defeated them, was a fluke and we have to prove that it wasn’t.” The Banyana players have become overnight celebrities in Ghana. They have been the talk of the town since their 2-0 win against Mali, which secured their World Cup spot. They have had many firsts in Ghana: It was Ellis’ first Africa Cup of Nations as head coach and she succeeded in qualifying for the World Cup and defeating the Nigerians without reply. Meanwhile, Cameroon booked their spot in the World Cup finals when they defeated Mali 4-2 on Friday afternoon at cape Coast Stadium.  