DANNY Jordaan is feeling confident that South Africa will host next year's Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) following Cameroon's stripping of hosting rights by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) on Sunday. Jordaan on Monday revealed that all their bid documents are already in place and just waiting for the go-ahead from SA government to submit their bid to CAF. CAF has requested South Africa to "seriously consider" hosting the tournament as a rescue mission, considering the infrastructure in the country. All interested countries wanting to save CAF from their strain have been requested to submit their bid documents to the Afcon Committee who will make their final decision at the end of the year. By mid-January the host nation should be known and be allowed to at least have five months to get all their ducks in a row. But all is not yet hunky-dory as Cameroon are reported to be ready to protest CAF's decision to strip them the rights. Cameroon's Minister of Communication, Issa Tchiroma Bakary, released a statement at the weekend saying that the 2019 Afcon infrastructure “which belongs to the Cameroonian people” will be completed “at the right time, as promised by the Head of State”, according to a report in AfricaNews. The Cameroonian football association has at some stage accused CAF of being hellbent on taking the hosting rights away from them. They claim that CAF's security inspection and a visit to the country’s infrastructure, stadiums and accommodation was always going to be met with criticism in order not to have them hosting the tournament. It is believed that top politicians in Cameroon knew as early as October that they will not be hosting the tournament. But CAF boss Ahmad Ahmad said: “CAF has no Plan B, nor have we ever considered taking the Nations Cup away from Cameroon.” But most South Africans are worried that if Mzansi hosts this 2019 showpiece then Stuart Baxter and his Bafana Bafana, whose qualification is hanging by a threat, will relax as they would have automatic qualification by virtue of being the host nation. Bafana will complete their Afcon qualifiers against Libya in highly awaited clash on 23 March next year. But Jordaan couldn't care less as the tournament might boost the organisations coffers, with lots of tourists coming to the country and South Africans benefiting from renting out their apartments while other businessmen would consider other means of raking in money. "We are moving quickly to have everything in place so that we can throw our name in the hat," Jordaan said on Monday following Sunday's Annual General Meeting in Joburg. But only the Cabinet will decide will Safa the green light to submit their bids, which would be a guarantee that government will aid them financially to refurbish some of the stadiums and roads, including training facilities. Morocco is another possible host nation who are believed to be interested in bidding to host it.