ORLANDO Pirates coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic says defender Nyasha Munetsi’s red card in the first half cost them the Telkom Knockout trophy. Pirates lost the R4 million first prize following a 3-2 defeat on penalties to Baroka FC in the final played at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Saturday. Although Bucs bounced back from the jaws of defeat on two occasions to force a 2-2 draw after extra time, attackers Justin Shonga, Thabiso Kutumela and Thembinkosi Lorch could not beat Baroka goalkeeper Elvis Chipezeze in the shoot-out. Bucs are in their fourth season without a trophy, having last tasted success in 2014 when they lifted the Nedbank Cup. The Zimbabwean international was sent off by referee Victor Gomes in the 40th minute for a double-footed tackle on Baroka striker Jemondre Dickens, but Micho thinks the decision was harsh. “From my angle, I saw the player had gone strictly for the ball,” the defeated Bucs coach said after their loss. “However, it has been decided the way it was decided. Due to those shocking decisions, we were not focused and the worst thing happened to us. “We applied ourselves very well from the start of game – dominating, keeping Baroka on the back foot to find gaps in their defence, closing down their counter-attacks. Then came that shocking moment and a few minutes of madness.” He hopes his players have learnt a lesson from the setback that allowed Baroka to win their first ever trophy in the club’s history in the professional ranks. “We really wanted to be the best,” said Micho. The Serbian mentor is positive that his players will make their fans proud, seeing they still have three competitions to play for, starting with a Premiership clash with Free State Stars at Goble Park tomorrow (7.30pm). Bucs are a point ahead of second placed Bidvest Wits with 24 points from 14 matches, but the Students have two games in hand. “Life is not a bed of roses,” said the Serbian. “We have slipped at this hurdle but there are three more competitions – the Premiership, Nedbank Cup and Caf Champions League. We also lost the MTN8 on penalties to SuperSport United, now we lose on penalties again, it’s unfortunate. But it’s not about how hard you are hit, but about how strong you are to stand up and move on. “We have a chance on Tuesday against Stars in the league. It is a chance that will prepare us for the Champions League on Friday (against Namibia’s African Stars). We need to pick up the pieces. Regretfully football didn’t pay us back, but I strongly believe our supporters will recognise the effort under the circumstances.”