African National Congress (ANC) spokesperson Pule Mabe's personal assistant has accused him of sexual harassment. Mabe’s personal assistant claims he wanted to have sex with her in return for the job. The 26-year-old woman reportedly sent a grievance letter against Mabe to the party’s deputy secretary general Jessie Duarte last month. She accuses Mabe of sexual harassment, cutting down her salary and emotional abuse when she refused his sexual advances. According to Eyewitness News the 26-year-old PA got the job without going through a job interview. "I, therefore, want to take you through my experience at HQ since my arrival in the beginning of August 2018." The woman reportedly said in July, Mabe verbally informed her that she will be starting off a new job as his PA from August even though she never had experience or qualifications in the field. "You would know that I never went through any interview stage as part of my entry tool as a Personal Assistant to the National Spokesperson, I was on the 22nd of July 2018 verbally informed by comrade Pule that I will be starting off a new job as his PA on the 1st August 2018... I studied Public Relations at the IIE Varsity College but my challenge was that I can’t at the moment present my qualification as I have a huge academic debt that I am still paying off. "My CV, if anything, also states that I have no experience of working as a PA, but of course life sometimes is all about taking risks and great opportunities when being presented with them..." She details how before she officially commenced her duties, Mabe booked a room for her at the Saint George's Hotel under the guise that the two would be doing work for the ANC. "I arrived at St George’s and was then asked by comrade Pule to make reservations for two rooms at the non-sharing section (I don’t really know how to classify the rooms but they are the ones on the side of the bar at St George’s), I was given his card and went to make reservations only to find one room available." She says on the first night, Mabe came to work in her room and at some point asked her to sit closer to him. She claims on the second night, Mabe insisted to work on his assignment in her room, saying he would fall asleep if he was alone. It was on that night that the 26-year-old claims Mabe switched off the lights, slipped into her blankets and put his legs on top of her body. 