BAROKA FC are promising their players a feast of delicacy during this Festive Season. Whether they will win the Telkom Knockout trophy or not, would still guarantee a celebration for the Ga-Mphahlele outfit who secured their cup final ticket against Orlando Pirates at Port Elizkabeth’s Nelson Mandela Stadium on 8 December (6pm). The winner of the trophy stand to pocket R4 million while the losing finalists will walk away with R1,5 million. Club owner Khurishi Mphahlele told SunSport yesterday that the players can be guaranteed a good Christmas gift in the form of bonuses, as they plan on splitting the money with the players. They want the TKO final to be a memorable occasion for the players as they plan on flying out their families, to Port Elizabeth to watch the final. He emphasised that win or lose – the players will have a good Christmas. This is the first time that Bakgaga reach a cup final in the top flight since their promotion three seasons ago. “I am extremely happy. I just cannot explain how happy am I. They made me proud during this historic moment. “And we are going to share the prize money with the players to thank them so that they can have a great Christmas with their families. It was not easy reaching this cup final where we had to battle our way with big teams and defeated them.” About flying down the players’ families to the Eastern Cape, Mphahlele said: “The club will pay for everything. “This is a huge day for Baroka, so it will be good to have the players’ families in the final, to add as motivation to win it.” But there will be no pressure, Mphahlele added. “We are here because we deserve to be in the final and anything is possible in football,” said the based businessman. “Pirates are a big team with huge experience of playing in cup finals. It promises to be a good game on the day and we are going there to enjoy.” About his coach, Mphahlele said he never doubted the abilities of their head coach Wedson Nyirenda when he hired him this season. “He is a good coach who enjoys winning and creating history everywhere he goes,” he said. The good news for Baroka is that they will have a full week without any PSL action to prepare for this match against Bucs with their next match against Mamelodi Sundowns on 11 December. This means Bakgaga will have ample time to prepare for Milutin Sredojevic’s Pirates who have three games before the final. Bucs face Seychelles side Light Stars FC twice in the Caf Champions League (tonight and 5 December) and also Maritzburg United in the Absa Premiership on Saturday.