IN his heyday, Victor Matfield was simply invincible in the lineouts.But the Bulls and Springbok legend has been pipped to the Bulls coaching post with current Currie Cup coach Pote Human being appointed the Super Rugby mentor going into 2019 yesterday. “Human no doubt epitomizes everything that the Bulls family stands for, and is the perfect blend of good rugby values together with the passion and understanding of the modern game,” said Blue Bulls chairman Willem Strauss “The Blue Bulls Company (BBCo) board of directors believe that Human, who acted as an assistant coach to John Mitchell during the past 12 months, will build on the momentum the Vodacom Bulls as well as the Blue Bulls gained during the 2018 season. "With some exciting new signings and good continuity, the Board are confident he will return the brand to winning ways.” Bulls legend Matfield was touted as the man to replace Mitchell, who left in a huff in September to take up the position of England defence coach until the end of next year’s Rugby World Cup.But the Bulls seemingly opted for experience as they gave the job to Human, who has been in charge of the Blue Bulls Currie Cup side. Human has Super Rugby experience having assisted Super Rugby coach Heyneke Meyer in 2006, and in the same year shared the Currie Cup title with Free State Cheetahs as head coach. He played a crucial role as assistant coach in the Bulls winning their first Super Rugby title in 2007. Human also spent two years at the Ricoh Rugby Club in Japan as Forwards coach, before returning as Director of Rugby at Garsfontein High School. He then became head coach of Griquas for a short stint, returning to Pretoria to coach Tuks to a Varsity cup title. His role at Loftus over the last few years as Super Sport Challenge & U21 Head Coach, Super Rugby Forward coach as well as Currie Cup head coach has been immense, and became clearly evident in the exciting brand of rugby currently being played by the team. “Pote has proved himself at every level and has a track record that speaks for itself. We are privileged to have men of his calibre within our system that can step up into this role. He has the full support of everybody at Loftus,” said Strauss. Meanwhile, Alan Zondagh has also joined the Bulls as Director of Rugby. He will be responsible for overseeing the comprehensive rugby structures at Loftus, while supporting Human and his management team in their new roles. The Bulls also confirmed Springbok coach Rassie Erasmus will be available to mentor Human and his team during the pre-season and heading into Super Rugby. 