FOOTBALL fanatics from Tsakane in Ekurhuleni will get a taste of scintillating MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) action when the last festival of the year heads to their kasi this weekend. This comes as the PSL reserve league competition starts to intensify, with some teams running out of games to make their title push. One thing is for sure, though, this makes for a fascinating weekend of football at Tsakane Stadium. Thrills await the scores of spectators expected at the 25 000-seater multipurpose stadium located in the heart of the Tsakane CBD, next to Tsakane Mall and the Faranani Community Centre. The feast of action kicks off with a clash between debutants Black Leopards and Bloemfontein Celtic at 10am tomorrow, before Bidvest Wits take on Orlando Pirates in the day’s other game at 12pm. On Sunday, SuperSport United will get the ball rolling against Chippa United in the first game of the day (10am) before the epic clash between Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs at noon. Chiefs come into the game on the back of an impressive 6-0 thrashing of Maritzburg United in their last game, while Sundowns lost a nine-goal thriller 5-4 to Chippa United. Amakhosi reserve team coach Arthur Zwane says they will have to up their game against the wounded Sundowns on Sunday. “Sundowns have the quality to punish us if we continue missing our chances like we have done lately,” said Zwane. “They lost their last game so they must be hurting and looking for a response. They will come out guns blazing, looking to catch us early, so we have to be careful. “Our problem is that we dominate games, creating a lot of chances but we don’t convert,” he said. “Even in the games we won by big margins, we still missed a host of chances. That is never good and we can’t afford to continue like that.” The former Chiefs mentor said he was expecting a tight but exciting game. “Our games against them (Sundowns) have been closely contested but good to watch,” he said. “They have good quality young players. Because we play such free-flowing possession-based football, teams tend to sit back and catch us on the counter, so we must be wary of that on Sunday.”