Google South Africa has just released the top searches in the country over the past year. The list is dominated by questions on music stars and royals: specifically, how old they are - or how they died. These were the top 10 most-searched questions by South Africans on Google in 2018 1.'How did Avicii die?' In April, DJ and producer Avicii, was found dead in Muscat, Oman, at the age of 28. Details surrounding the cause of death were initially a mystery - sending many searching for answers until it surfaced that he'd committed suicide. 2. 'How old is Pharrell Williams?' The 45-year old rapper, singer and acclaimed producer has been making music since the 1990s and is regarded as one of 33 celebrities who are actually older than they look. 3. 'What is listeriosis?' Listeria contaminates dairy products like unpasteurized milk and soft cheeses; unwashed vegetables; ready-to-eat meat, like polony or pâté; and fish products.The country was gripped by a listeriosis outbreak that killed more than 200 people. South Africans new to the term turned to Google Search as the deadly strain of listeriosis was traced to Tiger Brands’ Enterprise polony factory. 4. 'What is black data?' Mobile network Cell C sent South Africans searching for answers after it rolled out new low-cost prepaid data bundles that allowed users to stream movies, series, music, sport and more, without incurring any data costs - from its new Black video-on-demand platform. 5. 'How old is Prince Harry? Besides Pharrell, SA internet users were also curious about the prince's age. (Answer: 34.) 6. 'How much are Global Citizen tickets?' Fans gathered at Global Citizen concert (PHOTO: GeFans gathered at Global Citizen concert (PHOTO: Getty/Gallo)The Global Citizen Festival which featured performances by Beyoncé, Jay-Z, Ed Sheeran, Usher, and ColdPlay's Chris Martin among others was without a doubt the biggest music event in SA in 2018. Tickets were allocated through a lottery system that rewarded good deeds, but some went up for sale. 7. 'How to get pregnant?' Close up of an expecting pregnant woman wearing a (Photo: Getty Images/Gallo Images)While the answer may seem relatively straightforward, many South African searchers were probably looking for information to bolster their fertility. 8. 'What time is the royal wedding?' Prince Harry and Meghan Markle after tying the knot. (Getty Images)South Africans didn't wanted to miss the ceremony between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, that pulled in millions of viewers across the globe. 9. 'What happened to HHP?' The sudden passing of famed musician, Hip-Hop artist HHP was shrouded in mystery. 10. 'How old is Meghan Markle?' South Africans also wondered about Meghan Markle's age as the 37-year old geared up to became a member of the British royal family.