NEW Chippa United head coach Joel Masutha will waste no time in kicking off the daunting task of helping the Chilli Boys get out of the relegation quagmire. Masutha took over the coaching reins from axed Eric Tinkler who was blasted from the hot seat by trigger-happy Siviwe “Chippa” Mpengesi after their 1-0 loss to Ama­Zulu in an Absa Premiership clash on Friday. Now Masutha faces the challenge of having to pull off a miracle to rescue Chippa from their current 15th place in the table with 10 points from 12 matches – just one point more than bottom side Black Leopards. Masutha will start his journey at Chippa with a tricky match against Cape Town City on 11 December. He told SunSport that he was looking forward to steering Chippa United out of trouble and leading them to calmer waters. It came as no shock when Tinkler was removed, as Mpengesi is known for “airing” the coaching department much like a pest controller would fumigate a roach nest. Masutha was due to sign a six-month contract until the end of the season yesterday. “I’m actually looking forward to the job,” Masutha told SunSport en route to Port Elizabeth. “This will not be my first time working at Chippa, I know their culture very well. Coaching is a risky job, you always have to take these risks and see where they lead you.”He reckons his success and experience with Lidoda Duvha will help carry him through at Chippa.He helped Leopards gain promotion to the PSL through the play-offs, which makes him believe he can save Chippa from the danger they’re facing now.He parted ways with Leopards last month following a string of unfavourable results, which had prompted the club to release him from his contract.“Chippa have a very good squad of youngsters. I believe I can work with them,” Masutha said.“I am actually glad that I will get an opportunity to prove many people wrong about this club. For now it’s just about familiarising myself with the players – all will be well.”Meanwhile, Tinkler’s assistant, Vincent Kobola, opted to be released from his contract, leaving with the former SuperSport United and Orlando Pirates coach who had brought him to the club as his assistant.Chippa’s chief operations officer, Lukhanyo Mzizi, confirmed that Kobola opted to leave.“We will soon announce who will assist Masutha but we have capable young coaches here who could be roped in to assist the coach,” said Mzizi.  