BANYANA Banyana captain Janine van Wyk reckons having qualified for next year’s World Cup in France will create opportunities for women’s football to grow in South Africa. Banyana lost 4-3 on penalties to Nigeria in the final of the Africa Women’s Cup of Nations at the weekend. The teams drew goalless at full-time. Said Van Wyk: “We knew if we were to qualify for the World Cup everyone would have a different outlook on women’s football in our country. Right now I believe women’s football is growing so much in the country. The development structures are in place and more needs to be done for women’s football. We have so much talent and this has just opened up doors for many youngsters.” Safa president Danny Jordaan hailed Banyana coach Desiree Ellis for turning the side into a top class outfit, achieving where many have failed. “We are proud of Desiree. You have done extremely well. There is no man on the team (technical staff), women took all the decisions that brought us to the World Cup. We are not just going to the World Cup to make up the numbers, we are going there to win it. We will go to the draw on Saturday in France with pride.” Meanwhile, Banyana’s cheerleaders say Ellis’ charges deserve the same treatment as their male counterparts, Bafana Bafana, when it comes to salaries and all perks. The arrivals section of OR Tambo international airport was turned into a temporary viewing stadium on Sunday when Banyana arrived back from Ghana, bringing home silver medals. This is in sharp contrast to the arrival of their male counterparts following any competition. They are usually met with sour faces and unhappy supporters after another spell of poor results. The Banyana fans were all complimentary: William Mukwevho said: “We love Banyana because they represented us well in Ghana. We must also give credit to Desiree Ellis for doing well as the only female coach in the competition.” Amos Shika said: “We congratulate Banyana, they must represent us well in France next year. We hope they get the same salary Bafana Bafana players are getting.” Mandisa Khuse said: “Banyana made us proud. They have been patient throughout the years without sufficient pay and this has been an amazing year for them.” Nelly Kubayi said: “I am proud that Banyana won the Cosafa Cup and now finished second at the Women’s Afcon. We are pleading with Safa to create a professional league for women to help improve their game.” Elvis Silinda said: “I am happy with what Banyana have achieved, Nigeria were lucky to win the trophy. We will rally behind Banyana at the 2019 World Cup.” Emelda Sethimani said: “Banyana showed they can do better than Bafana, so we want them to get the same salary.”