The 3rd annual South African Youth Awards (SAYA) were held on Friday in East London, Eastern Cape by the National Youth Development Agency (NYDA) in an effort to show appreciation of the efforts of young South Africans in the creation of a better country, continent and the world. According to the NYDA, the awards seek to “provide a platform to showcase the exceptional work and contribution that young people are making, telling inspiring stories of young people who register extraordinary achievements against all odds”. The 2018 SAYAs were held under the theme “Be the Legacy”, in light of Nelson Mandela’s centenary celebrations in SA throughout the year. The NYDA accepted nominations of incredible young people from around the country in the lead up the awards, who were then whittled down to a winning top three. This year’s awards were hosted by former Miss SA Teen and television personality, Zizo Tshwete and Kope Magae, who is popularly known as Mrekza on Generations: The Legacy. The judges who were tasked with choosing the winners were Pearl Pillay from the Youth Lab, Palesa Notsi from the NYDA, SAYA 2017 Winner of the Presidential Award, Nneile Nkholise, Bulelani Balabala, a SAYA 2017 winner, Venture Capitalist, Bonga Masoka and Animal Production Lecturer and PHD student, Potego Phakwago. Each of the 11 categories consisted of three winners; a 2nd runner up, a 1st runner up and of course, the ultimate winner. All the winners walked away with a cash prize, with the overall winner in each category winning R20 000, while the 2nd runner up received R5 000 and the 3rd runner up took home only a trophy and a certificate. Winners were awards in the following categories:Academia, Private Sector, Public Sector, Entrepreneurship, Social Cohesion/Civil Society, Health and Well-being (including Sport), The Environment (including Agriculture), Science, Technology and Innovation (including Medicine), Extraordinary Champions (Differently Abled Individuals), Arts & Entertainment (includes Music, Film, Literature and Dance), and the overall Presidential Award. Some of the winners included Dumisani Chauke (Sport, Health and Well-being) who also took home the Presidential Award, Valentine Saasa (Science, Technology and Innovation), Nkosinathi Ndlovu (Extraordinary Champions), Nokubonga Mnyango (Environment), Kyle John Cato (Social Cohesion/Civil Society), Botlhale Boikanyo (Arts and Entertainment), Siphumelele Fortune Madlala (Entrepreneurship), and Tebatso Moape (Academic Excellence). Spotted on the night of the awards were Nomzama Mbatha, Nomsa Buthelezi (Gomora Diva), Omuhle Gela, Bujy, Vusi Nova, Idols SA winner Yanga Sobetwa, and Cornet Mamabolo. Out here at the South African Youth Awards @nyda_insta dressed by @lovethelookclothingcollexion Make up and hair by @afika_m_hair_beauty (I’ll post a clearer pic of the hair and make up ????) A post shared by  Omuhle Makaziwe Gela ???? (@omuhlegela) on Dec 7, 2018 at 12:12pm PST  #bethelegacy with @omuhlegela Red Carpet hosts at the National youth Awards. #TheBujyWayOfLife A post shared by  Bujy Bikwa ka Thandi?? (@bujy_bikwa) on Dec 7, 2018 at 9:57am PST  Dressed by @kwantuafrocentric #Manyan-Nyan A post shared by  Vusi Nova (@vusinova1) on Dec 8, 2018 at 4:56am PST  Youth is represented here ... Great Future Minds #sayabethelegacy #saya2018 #nyda Rewriting the narrative of our villages A post shared by  Cornet Mamabolo (@cornetmamabolo) on Dec 7, 2018 at 11:10am PST   