Believe it or not, most celebs had 9-5 jobs like everyone else before they became famous. The majority of local, and international stars for that matter, did what they had to do to pay the bills while they were hustling and trying to make it big in entertainment. It is the reason that some celebs are able to remain humble even when they reach the top; because they know what it is like to be broke and not live the life of your dreams. TV presenter, Ayanda Thabethe has let us in on bygone days when she worked in corporate SA, as a marketer no less. The beauty is in currently in New York City on a Top Billing shoot and something about the trip took her back to the old days. Ayanda and the Top Billing team were shooting at the L'Oréal NYC offices, the company she used to work for SA. “I used to be a brand manager at L'Oréal and it brings back so many memories of long hours put into my marketing career. I always envisioned working at these offices as a marketeer but God had a beautiful plan in mind and I’m so happy to be on the other side as an ambassador and an entertainment/lifestyle reporter,” she said. She went on to say that in some way, she is grateful for her work in brand management because it stood her in good stead when she had to manager her own brand. “This company sharpened my skills in marketing and taught me so many valuable lessons that I apply to my own brand today. I’m now an ambassador for L'Oréal Mizani which in itself was a miracle unfolding having worked here before in a totally different role,” Ayanda went on. The 28-year-old star concluded by saying how feels now being who she has become. “I feel like I’m experiencing a 360 Degree moment right here, right now and I’m grateful for this journey,” she said. So funny I find myself on a Top Billing shoot at Loreal NYC offices. I used to be a brand manager at Loreal and it brings back so many memories of long hours put into my marketing career. I always envisioned working at these offices as a marketeer but God had a beautiful plan in mind and I’m so happy to be on the other side as an ambassador and an entertainment/lifestyle reporter . This company sharpened my skills in marketing and taught me so many valuable lessons that I apply to my own brand today. I’m now an ambassador for Loreal Mizani which in itself was a miracle unfolding having worked here before in a totally different role ... I feel like I’m experiencing a 360 Degree moment right here, right now and I’m grateful for this journey. A post shared by  AYANDA THABETHE (@ayandathabethe_) on Dec 11, 2018 at 1:46pm PST   