TEN games and counting! That is the number of times SuperSport United have gone without a win in the Tshwane derby against Mamelodi Sundowns. And the woeful run looks likely to continue as they sunk to a 2-1 league defeat to their cross-town rivals at Lucas Moripe Stadium yesterday. In fact, the scoreline is not a true reflection of the match, as the Brazilians could have humiliated the home side. First-half goals from Lebohang Maboe and Lyle Lakay were just reward for the breathtaking display, orchestrated by man of the match Themba Zwane. The derby got off to a sizzling start, with Maboe beating a static Ronwen Williams. Gaston Sirino missed a chance to stretch to double the lead, messing up the first of his numerous chances, before being yanked off later on. Lakay, however, made no mistake firing in past Williams when teed up by Maboe in the 33rd minute. Kaitano Tembo can be a difficult man to read, quite adept at masking his true emotions. Yet that mask betrayed a sense of composure as the United coach made two quick substitutions. United’s shambolic defending forced him to pull off Richard Boateng and Phumlani Ntshangase . . . just as some fans were still making their way into the stadium. That’s how quick the substitutions were. As the sudden rain pelted down, so United appeared to became more clueless, unable to match the sparkling Brazilians. It could have been more goals, had Zwane not let them off the hook, twice. But soon complacency crept into Downs’ game as United duly got their goal, Morgan Gould pulling one back, from a period of relentless pressure. Aubrey Modiba, who brought notable impact, crashed a shot against the upright. The Brazilians suddenly found themselves under growing pressure, being pegged back by a steaming United train. Yet the pendulum soon swung as Toni Silva came on for Jeremy Brockie. Silva could’not produce a goal, but oohs and aahs, with his “miss of the month”. Sent through on goal, the Guinean sent his shot wide inches off target, just as Williams was readying himself to pick up the ball from his net. But in the end, the 54th Tshwane Clasico ended in favour the Brazilians. What a game!