Seven suspects have been arrested by the Johannesburg Metro Police Department following the chaos that erupted at the Global Citizen Festival. Reports of muggings and assault on a mass scale sent ripples across social media after the festival which took place on 3 December at FNB Stadium. MMC for Public Safety Michael Sun said that 236 metro police officers were dispatched at the event on 2 December. He expressed shock at the reports of muggings that rocked the festival. “We are engaging the South African Police Services to establish what had transpired as they were responsible for the overall policing at the Global Citizen Festival,” Sun said. “We have learned that only one incident was formally reported, which goes in stark contrast to the many reports surfacing all over the media.” Sun also said that the seven suspects that were arrested were bust on charges of common robbery and assaulting a police officer, among others. Sun also said that the Events Safety and Security Planning Committee had established an e-taxi safe zone. It was suspected that the e-taxi operators may have asked their passengers to walk to the near-by Sasol. Sun also said that the department will be working closely with the cops to assist with the investigation. “We also need to understand the cause of the problem so we can avoid these kinds of incidences from happening again in the future,” Sun said. Seven suspects have been arrested by the Johannesburg Metro Police Department following the chaos that erupted at the Global Citizen Festival. Reports of muggings and assault on a mass scale sent ripples across social media after the festival which took place on 3 December at FNB Stadium. MMC for Public Safety Michael Sun said that 236 metro police officers were dispatched at the event on 2 December. He expressed shock at the reports of muggings that rocked the festival. “We are engaging the South African Police Services to establish what had transpired as they were responsible for the overall policing at the Global Citizen Festival,” Sun said. “We have learned that only one incident was formally reported, which goes in stark contrast to the many reports surfacing all over the media.” Sun also said that the seven suspects that were arrested were bust on charges of common robbery and assaulting a police officer, among others. Sun also said that the Events Safety and Security Planning Committee had established an e-taxi safe zone. It was suspected that the e-taxi operators may have asked their passengers to walk to the near-by Sasol. Sun also said that the department will be working closely with the cops to assist with the investigation. “We also need to understand the cause of the problem so we can avoid these kinds of incidences from happening again in the future,” Sun said.