PITSO Mosimane has heaped praise on Rivaldo Coetzee, predicting a great future for the young Mamelodi Sundowns defender. Coetzee made only his second appearance for Sundowns in their 2-1 league victory over SuperSport United at the weekend. This followed his long-awaited Downs debut which came in the Caf Champions League fixture against Leones Vegetarianos last week, a year-and-half after his multi-million rand transfer from Ajax Cape Town. He has been battling a toe injury that threatened to curtail his stellar career. But that was hard to tell in the Tshwane derby, as the Northern Cape-born centre-back put on a thrilling display alongside Mosa Lebusa. “It’s so good to see Riva play football again. It’s unbelievable that he hasn’t been playing,” said the Sundowns coach. “You can see the quality. It’s a pleasure to see a 22-year-old playing like this – no problem up in the air, his anticipation very clever. You see how he finds Maboe and Zwane by passing the ball between the lines. “The boy deserves to play in Europe. He needs to move. I think we are wasting his time here. “It’s really been sad to see the boy not play football because we’ve invested a lot of money in his quality.” Coetzee’s revival comes at a time when Sundowns are undergoing a rebuilding phase, underlined by the “changing of the guard” in defence. In place of left-back Tebogo Langerman was Lyle Lakay, while Lebusa and Coetzee took the spots of Ricardo Nascimento and Wayne Arendse in the heart of defence, with Thapelo Morena dislodging Anele Ngcongca at right back. Coetzee is expected to feature against Vegetarianos in the return clash at Loftus Versfeld tomorrow (7.30pm). “This is Bafana material. I mean he has put himself in the Bafana pool now,” Mosimane added. “I think he can compete with Buhle (Mkhwanazi) at centre-back and also with Tyson (Hlatshwayo). As good as those guys are, Mosa and Rivaldo are giving Stuart Baxter (Bafana coach) options. “They’re strong on set-pieces. They pass well. They don’t panic. These are boys developed at the Ajax academy. They’re smart.” Mosimane is not losing sleep over Vegetarianos, though he is taking nothing for granted. “I want to give other guys a chance to play but at the same time we need to keep the winning momentum because we haven’t been convincing in terms of winning consistency. I don’t think Leones would find it easy to score three goals against us. We’d have to be naughty (for that to happen).” 