BERNARD Parker has lifted the lid on life in the inner circle of Giovanni Solinas, the striker briefly revealing how the ex-coach almost ran Kaizer Chiefs into the ground. Without bad-mouthing Solinas, who has since been replaced by Ernst Middendorp, Parker confirmed long-held suspicions that the Italian was simply out of his depth. “As seen, with the previous coach (Solinas) results weren’t coming. The performance was here and there, just sparks but no consistency, not what we needed. The fans weren’t happy and the club had to make a decision,” said Parker. This may just be Parker cosying up to the new boss, if not trying to deflect attention from the fact that the under-performing players also contributed to the problem. Whether or not Solinas was the chief problem will only be known once the team has forged ahead under Middendorp, starting with the Absa Premiership clash with SuperSport United at Mbombela Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Pressure is on the stuttering Amakhosi as they look to edge closer to the top three before Christmas. In fact, a win could move them past seventh-placed Matsatsantsa and six-placed Polokwane City in the standings. Said Parker: “We know SuperSport and know they’ve been doing quite well. But we are eager to bounce back and take our position among the log leaders back. It’s good to have such excitement and positivity as we go into this game business-minded. “There’s been a spark of energy and positive response from the players, wanting to prove themselves to the new coach. “It keeps everybody on their toes to provide good competition for their teammates. It’s normal for a player to want to impress a new coach. That’s when the energy comes out.” Parker, one of Chiefs’ senior players, has also lauded Middendorp’s appointment, saying he has the experience to bring the best out of the players. He highlighted the German’s cup success during his first stint with the Soweto giants between 2005 and 2007, his familiarity with a few players and his experience coaching in the Bundesliga. “He knows most of us and said we’d work according to our strengths and weaknesses, how we can complement each other as a group. Chiefs are about the spark, entertainment, flair, attacking style and solid defence. He will work to bring back that culture.”