AFTER failing on three occasions to be crowned a junior lightweight champion, contender Prince “The Demon” Dlomo is on a last desperate throw of the dice to win a title before the end of the year. The Soweto-based fighter will challenge for the World Boxing Organisation (WBO) Africa title held by the highly rated Jeremiah “No Respect” Nakathila on 28 December at Castle of Good Hope in Cape Town. Dlomo-Nakathila will battle it out on the undercard of IBF youth championship contest between Democratic Republic of Congo native Emile Kalekuzi and Aziz Mponda in a tournament presented by Kalakoda Promotions. Despite taking the fight on a short notice, Dlomo’s camp are optimistic about the positive outcome. Nakathila was initially scheduled to put his crown against Toto Helebe but the former SA bantamweight champ was not approved by WBO. According to his trainer Norman Hlabane, his charge was in the gym and that is why they took the fight when the opportunity arose. “We don’t know much about the champion but we have prepared for full 12 rounds, sparring with both orthodox’s and southpaws because we don’t know what to expect. We have taken this fight because we believe in ourselves. A victory can open more fighting opportunities for Dlomo,” said the veteran trainer. However, despite Dlomo struggling to make the weight limit in his previous two contests this year, his mentor said he has already made the weight. In May, he forfeited the WBF intercontinental crown after he failed to make 58.97 kg weight limit when he clashed with Gabriel Imalwa. Another WBF championship contest was pulled out of Team Dida Promotions bill between him and Thompson Mokwana for the same reason. If his last fight against Eastern Cape promising fighter Siphosethu Mvula contest is anything to go by, then his weight woes is something of the past. He met the weight and went on to contest for the vacant African Boxing Union (ABU) lightweight crown in October at Orient Theatre. The fight ended in a draw. This would be a real test of character for Dlomo against Nakathila who is rated third by WBO. Nakathila has sent three Dlomo compatriots packing Sibusisi Zingange, Jasper Seroka and Paul Mangxilana.