A security guard is expected to appear in court on Monday after a 61-year-old man was shot and killed during an altercation, Gauteng police said on Saturday. Daniel Christoffel van Heerden from Meyerton in Gauteng was killed on Thursday just after 13:00, police spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said. "He had an argument with a suspect who was arrested and while they were having an argument the suspect fired a shot and Mr van Heerdan died on scene," Dlamini said. In the video which is circulating on social media, Van Heerden and the suspect are seen having a heated argument. WATCH: Two of these KZN home invaders were killed by police Two suspects from the notorious "Mercedes Gang" were killed in a shoot-out with police while robbing a home in Durban North on Tuesday. Van Heerden is seen taking the keys from the security guard's vehicle. He is heard saying he will call the police. It is unclear at this point, what transpired to lead up to this incident. The suspect is then seen carrying what looks like a fiream. He follows Van Heerden to a vehicle and opens fire. Van Heerden can be heard saying, "Shoot, I’m [going to] knock you out. Shoot my bakkie." The suspect then replies and says: "You hijacked me." Dlamini said the suspect will appear in the Vereeniging Magistrate's Court on Monday. Van Heerden's son, Chris who is the  former International Boxing Organisation World Champion, tweeted that he lost a hero.  https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/watch-i-lost-my-hero-father-of-boxing-champion-killed-in-heated-argument-in-gauteng-20181229  WATCH: Durban thieves give up after relentless pursuit by security officers Two suspected thieves were arrested by Marshall Security after they tried to steal a vehicle from Musgrave Road in Berea, Durban. WATCH: Life sentences for Hannah Cornelius' murderers The three men involved in the kidnapping, rape and murder of Stellenbosch University student Hannah Cornelius and the brutal attack on her friend Cheslin Marsh have received life sentences. South Africa's venomous and most dangerous spiders Do you know how to spot a potentially dangerous spider? Learn about South Africa's venomous spiders and how to protect your family. Gunman kills three at Strasbourg Christmas market A manhunt is underway in France after a gunman killed at least three people and injured a dozen others at a Christmas market in Strasbourg. Trump weighs into South Africa's contested issue of land reform U.S. President Donald Trump is wading into a debate over the highly disproportionate ownership of land by whites in South Africa. Pretoria rejects his claim of "large scale killing of farmers". Matthew Larotonda and Ed Stoddard report. US authorities continue to have strong presence at the border US border police and other agents continue to mass and patrol the US-Mexico border, which has seen about 5,900 active-duty troops sent there in the name of national security, as thousands of migrants have arrived in the Mexican border town of Tiju... Goodale asked why Toronto van attack not dubbed terrorism Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale says it's up to investigating agencies to characterize Monday's deadly van attack in Toronto, but he reiterated Tuesday that there is currently no "known national security connection.".