STILL basking in the glory of a history-making Telkom Knockout (TKO) triumph, Baroka FC return to league action against two of the teams it knocked out enroute to winning the cup. League holders Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits are among the sides the Limpopo underdogs dispatched on their way to winning the final this past weekend against Orlando Pirates in a match they won 3-2 on penalties after a one-all draw in regulation time. Baroka are scheduled to play Sundowns at the Lucas Moripe Stadium on Tuesday evening, a few weeks after they defeated the league champions in the quarterfinals of the Telkom Knockout, a game that finished 2-0. Kickoff is at 19h30, just days after Baroka staged a win of David-versus-Goliath proportions against in-form Pirates in the final. On Sunday, the newly-crowned champions of the Telkom-sponsored cup welcome Wits to the Peter Mokaba Stadium, where the two sides met in the semifinal match of the competition, as Baroka dismissed Wits 1-0. The unheralded Limpopo side had meanwhile knocked Golden Arrows at the first round of the Telkom Knockout, ahead of the just-concluded decider against Orlando Pirates at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth. As league action resumes, Bakgaga Ba Mphahlele will again count on the form of captain Mduduzi Mdantsane, menacing striker Talent Chawapiwa, Vusi Sibiya, Thabiso Semenya, Jemondre Dickens, Onkabetse Makgantai and goalkeeper Elvis Chipezeze. Coached by record-breaking Zambian mentor, Wedson Nyirenda, Baroka will thus be eager to transform their cup form to league action against two fancied sides desperately seeking revenge. They have an atrocious league record, placed third-bottom in the 16-team table. Conversely, Sundowns are third behind leaders Pirates and Wits, but the Tshwane's premiership defending champions boast two games in hand. Full fixture below: TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2018Polokwane City Vs Highlands Park, Old Peter Mokaba Stadium (19:30Hrs) Mamelodi Sundowns Vs Baroka FC, Lucas Moripe Stadium (19:30Hrs) Free State Stars Vs Orlando Pirates, Goble Park (19:30Hrs) Cape Town City FC Vs Chippa United, Stadium (19:30Hrs) WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2018Maritzburg United Vs Black Leopards, Harry Gwala Stadium (19:30Hrs) Bidvest Wits Vs Golden Arrows, Stadium (19:30Hrs) AmaZulu FC Vs Bloem Celtic, King Zwelithini Stadium (19:30Hrs) Kaizer Chiefs Vs SuperSport United, Stadium (19:30Hrs) FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 2018Chippa United Vs Polokwane City, Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium (20:00Hrs) SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 2018Black Leopards vs AmaZulu , Thohoyandou Stadium (15h30) SuperSport United vs Maritzburg United, Mbombela Stadium (18h00) SUNDAY, DECEMBER 16, 2018Baroka FC vs Bidvest Wits, Peter Mokaba Stadium (15h30).