BAROKA FC’s gifted midfield general, Talent Chawapiwa, has declared war on Orlando Pirates. He says the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth will be turned into a battlefield when they clash for the Telkom Knockout trophy in Saturday’s final (6pm). This is the first time the Ga-Mphahlele side has reached a cup final in the top flight since getting promoted three seasons ago. Chawapiwa said they would not let the opportunity slip. The 26-year-old Zimbabwean striker told SunSport yesterday that the Soweto giants should not expect to walk all over them. “We know Pirates are a big team in the PSL and many people think we are the underdogs, but that is not true. That belief will end on Saturday,” said the former FC Platinum player. “We are ready to fight for the whole 90 minutes – or even longer. Anything is possible in a cup final and we are confident that we can bring this trophy to Limpopo. “We are not only playing for Baroka but for the whole province.” He called to mind the promise made by their chairman, Khurishi Mphahlele, that there would be good incentives should they win the cup. He said they worked hard to reach this cup final, making their way past giants like Bidvest Wits and PSL champions Mamelodi Sundowns. “We beat them all,” he said confidently. “I believe we can beat Pirates if we play our normal game. Truth is, we are not scared of any team. Pirates are currently doing well and have a lot of experience playing in finals. But we want to make history. You will never know when it will happen. This is our chance to win a cup.” He said the spirit in camp was at unbelievable levels – “we just can’t wait for Saturday”. Added Chawapiwa: “We have lots of youngsters in the team aged between 18 and 20 who are hungry for success in the top flight. We also have a good coach in Wedson Nyirenda who is a winner. He has won trophies everywhere he has coached.” Mphahlele promised his players generous Christmas presents in the form of bonuses. They will get to share the winners’ purse of R4 million among them, or the runners-up prize, should they lose in the final. “Its a good thing for us as players,” said Chawapiwa. “The chairman has also invited our families to attend this clash, which is even more motivation for us.”