PUBLIC PROTECTOR Busisiwe Mkhwebane has completed a number of investigations. And she has slammed prominent public figures. MBAKS AND HELEN ZILLE HAVE SOME UNCOMFORTABLE QUESTIONS TO ANSWER! At a media briefing in Tshwane, Mkhwebane said the premier of the Western Cape, Helen Zille, violated the Constitution when she ran the risk of promoting her son’s business in the awarding of a tablets contract to schools in the province. Mkhwebane said she also found that Fikile Mbalula violated the ethics code when he went on a family holiday to Dubai in 2016. She said Zille’s conduct constitutes maladministration and unjustifiable abuse of power. The Zille investigation was instituted after an ANC member of the Western Cape Legislature, Cameron Dugmore, laid a complaint with the public protector’s office last year. She said the complainant had claimed Zille breached the provincial government’s code of ethics by influencing officials to allow her son, Paul Maree, access to tablets contracts purchased by the education department. She recommended that President Cyril Ramaphosa submit a copy of her report on Zille to the National Council of Provinces within 14 days of receiving the report. “I direct the president to take note of the findings made in this report, with a view to sharing it with the cabinet to ensure they guard against this conduct,” she said. But Zille has secured an interdict against the public protector and Speaker of the Legislature. Regarding Mbalula, it was found that he violated the Constitution and ethics code. But she won’t recommend action against him. “I will not direct any remedial action against Mbalula because he is no longer a cabinet member,” said Mkhwebane. She ruled that sporting supplier Sedgars paid for his holiday to Dubai when he and his family went there for at least five days. When she spoke to Mbalula, he had told her he didn’t know at the time that Yusuf Docrat was a director at Sedgars. According to Mkhwebane, Sedgars paid R300 000 for the trip to a travel agent. Last year EWN reported that the total cost of the Dubai holiday was around R680 000. “I have directed the director of public prosecutions to take steps to investigate whether the funds used to pay for Mbalula’s trip were not the proceeds of money laundering,” she said. In her other investigations, Mkhwebane found that the City of Tshwane had irregularly awarded a contract to PEU Capital Partners to issue smart prepaid electricity meters to the city in 2015. The public protector said the city did not conduct due diligence. She recommended that the city manager should pursue criminal charges.