TWO families who lost their
nine-year-old girls to a brutal child killer were overjoyed this week when
their murderer was finally found guilty – 32 years after he committed the crime. According to the Sun, Russell Bishop
(52) was on Monday found guilty of sexually assaulting and strangling Karen
Hadaway and Nicola Fellows in 1986. They had been playing together after
school in the woods near Brighton, in the south of England. Bishop had been 20 at the time. He initially
joined the frantic search for the girls the day after they’d gone missing,
pretending to help search for his victims. Cops bought charges against him at the
time, but some serious bungling on their part resulted in Bishop being
acquitted. Still a free man, in February 1990 Bishop
snatched a seven-year-old girl off the street in Brighton. He drove to a remote
area outside Brighton and sexually assaulted and strangled her. This girl survived. Bishop was jailed
for life with 14 years minimum jail time. He has remained in prison since then. Fresh DNA evidence at the eight-week retrial
finally convicted Bishop of the murders that shocked a nation all those years
ago. Bishop will now serve a minimum of 36
years behind bars for robbing the young girls of their future. The girls’ mums Michelle Hadaway (61)
and Susan Fellows (69) held hands and sobbed as the verdict was read out. Speaking outside the court, Michelle
said: “After 32 years of fighting, we finally have justice for Karen and
Nicola. Time stood still for us in 1986. To us, the beautiful girls will always
be nine years old. “What people like Bishop inflict on the
families of their victims is a living death. They take the lives of children
but they also take the lives of the families left behind.” In a joint statement, the Fellows family
said: “Nicola and Karen. We will never forget their smiles that would light up
a room. Their laughter. Their cheekiness. “During the past eight weeks we have
endured reliving the horrific details of their murders and we have learned an
awful lot about the true meaning of heartbreak all over again. “We stand here as two families united in
our grief. United in our fight for justice. And now united in our elation at
today’s guilty verdict.”