KAIZER CHIEFS manager Bobby Motaung has warned Giovanni Solinas’ critics to tread carefully, as the coach is in Naturena to achieve, not prove them right. There has been a lot of debate on whether Solinas is the right coach for Amakhosi but Motaung reckons he has what it takes and his critics will eat humble pie. Motaung took the opportunity to vent his feelings on the trending debate yesterday at the launch of the Mpumalanga Cultural Xperience Cup in Sandton. Chiefs will have no break before the start of the season as they will be involved in yet another pre-season cup tournament, the Xperience event, on Saturday. The tournament will also feature Cape Town City, Mbombela United and Spear of the Nation FC in action at Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit. The day’s proceedings will start with National First Division side Mbombela United tackling Spear of the Nation at 12pm before Amakhosi take on fellow PSL giants Cape Town City at 3pm. Said Motaung: “Let’s give the man a chance and some support. He is the right candidate for the job. I think he will hit the ground running and show people some flames. “He has experience in the PSL (having coached Free State Stars) and Africa.” Motaung revealed that they are working around the clock to ensure Solinas obtains his work permit before the season starts on 4 August. This means assistant coach Patrick Mabedi will again be guiding the team on Saturday, having won the Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup a fortnight ago but lost the Shell Helix Ultra Cup to Mamelodi Sundowns at the weekend. “It takes some time (to get the work permit) and I don’t know the process at the embassy. They use an electronic system now and we are waiting for them to respond to us.” Motaung revealed that they might use Mbombela Stadium as an alternative home ground. “We are in talks with the municipality of Mbombela to take some games there. Hopefully after the game we will have something concrete. Our fans must come out in numbers so they can get a taste of what is coming next season. ” Meanwhile, City coach Benni McCarthy said: “We are excited and privileged to be part of this special occasion. “We don’t often get the opportunity to play a big team like Chiefs while preparing for the league campaign. “It shows we are doing something right in Cape Town.”