THE last situation Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane wants to be in, is having to look for favours from others in their Caf Champions League run. At the halfway mark in the group stage, the Brazilians are languishing at the bottom of Group C with just two points and not a single victory to their name. Wydad Casablanca of Morocco and Horoya FC of Guinea are joint top of the group with five points each, while AS Togo-Port are third with three points. The Brazilians host the Togolese team at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville in a crucial clash on Friday (9pm). Another defeat to the West African outfit will put their Caf campaign in serious trouble. The Tshwane giants crashed to a 1-0 defeat in the capital Lome despite dominating the game last week. Mosimane was quick to mention that the Champions League is a difficult competition to win. The first match against Togo-Port may have seemed like easy points, but the team stunned the 2016 champions. Mosimane will make sure that Downs do not underestimate them here at home: “If they are so easy to beat, why didn’t we beat them? There are no easy games in the Champions League. “This competition is a different kettle of fish. Orlando Pirates won it in 1995 and we did it in 2016 – why would it take so long to repeat that feat if Caf is easy to win? “It’s certainly not easy. We are battling this year, which shows how difficult it is.” Mosimane would like to see holders Wydad defeat Horoya in Casablanca in their return match. The former Bafana coach would accept the Moroccan outfit topping the group, as long as his side finishes in second position. He added: “We don’t want to go into the last game needing any favours from anyone. We don’t mind if Wydad win the group, our goal is to beat Togo-Port and Horoya at home. “The last thing we need is favours from somebody. If we beat the two teams at home we know we are through to the next round.” He insists “it’s not how you start but how you finish”. But his charges will have to convert their chances on time, unlike they did in Togo. Mosimane said: “Once we’re in the second round everyone’s name is thrown into the hat. It does not matter who we face we just want to progress to the knockout stages.”