BELGIUM’S fairytale run in the Fifa World Cup finals in Russia continues! The tournament dark horses are looking to book their first ever World Cup final appearance against the 1998 champions France. This after they stunned the football world when they eliminated favourites Brazil in the quarter-final. The star-studded Red Devils outfit did the unthinkable when they dumped record five times world champions out of the biggest football event. Fernandinho’s own goal and Kevin de Bruyne’s stunning finish inspired them to a 2-1 victory as they booked their first semi-final since 1986. The Red Devils lost 2-0 to Diego Maradona eventual winners Argentina in Mexico.  France eliminated South American opponents Uruguay 2-0 in the semi-final match, leaving the competition with four European teams for the first time since 2006 in Germany. France are the only surviving country from the 2006 edition as Portugal bowed out in the last 16, while Germany didn’t got past the group stages and Italy failed to qualify for the finals. The Red Devils will go into their last four encounter against the French as the favourites on Tuesday night in Saint Petersburg at 8pm, with a cup final place at stake. The two countries have played each other on 73 occasions, with Belgium claiming 30 victories, losing 24 times and 19 matches ending in stalemate. France eliminated Argentina in the knockout stages in a seven goal thriller (4-3), while the Red Devils made history with that famous win against the Samba Boys Brazil on Friday. France’s 98 winning captain and coach Didier Deschamps, hopes to make history by winning the title as a coach. Deschamps will pin his hopes of winning the contest on Antoine Griezmann and France’s teenage sensation Kylian Mbappe. The Red Devils Spanish-born coach, Bobby Martinez, will look up to red hot striker Romelu Lukaku and inspirational skipper Eden Hazard for goals. The Red Devils have scored 14 goals in five matches. But there are some concerns at the back as they have conceded five goals. The French team have found the back of the net nine times and have leaked four goals. Lukaku is the Red Devils’ top scorer with four goals, while Griezmann and Mbappe are tied with three goals each for the former Euro 2000 champions.