WHEN DAMIAN Chiwaka realised the flats were on fire, his first thoughts were for his wife and his two-year-old child. Knowing that the single entrance to the building was locked, he broke a window and led his precious family to safety. THEN HE WENT BACK AND SAVED AT LEAST ANOTHER 10 PEOPLE FROM A FIERY DEATH! Damian Chiwaka (27), his wife, Fiona (23) and their baby daughter Rufaro live in flats in Du Noon, near Cape Town. The building has only one entrance with a security gate which is locked at night. “There are only two keys for the burglar gate at the entrance. When the fire started the man who has the keys was away,” said Damian. Knowing this, Damian broke the window in their room on the second floor, jumped onto the roof of a nearby shack and helped his family get out behind him. And then he went back. “Everyone was in panic mode. I went back into the flat and helped to get all the people out through my room.” Neighbours woke and helped to put out the fire which started at about midnight on Thursday night. They formed a human chain and used buckets and water. Milnerton Fire and Rescue Commander Mark Smith visited Damian on Tuesday to thank him for saving the lives of the people. Smith said when they arrived the fire was already extinguished. “If Damian hadn’t acted as he did, the fire could have killed people and spread elsewhere,” said Smith. “We are here to thank him for fighting the fire and saving people.” He said residents have to work together if there is a fire because it’s important to control the flames within the first ten minutes. “Usually the firefighters arrive after that time so it’s important for the community to get involved,” he said. One of the few injuries was a woman who panicked and dislocated her leg. According to Damian, who is originally from Zimbabwe, the fire was started by a drunk man who lives in one of the flats. “He was also injured because he was drunk. He left and is no longer living here,” said Damian. Fiona, the SunHero’s wife, said after the drunk man started the fire he banged on people’s doors to try to warn them but they ignored him because he always banged on doors when he was drunk. “Nobody took him seriously because he was drinking,” she said. “We didn’t know that there was trouble. “But when my husband opened the door there was smoke everywhere.” Sindiso Siko (44) told the SunTeam he and his family woke up to hear people screaming. “We were watching soccer before I fell asleep. Then I heard all this screaming. “When I realised it was a fire I ran with my neighbours to help put out the flames. We are so glad nobody died,” said Sindiso. The majority of residents in the flats have not moved back because of the fire and smoke damage. Damian cleaned and painted his place to welcome his family back.