BOBBY Motaung must be racing against time to have their coach ready for the Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup, which is scheduled for Orkney Stadium in Klerksdorp on 14 July. Motaung promised their millions of supporters that they would parade their new coach at the annual tournament, which Amakhosi won last year under Steve Komphela, who has since joined Bloemfontein Celtic. Motaung has been struggling to secure the right coach after Avram Grant is believed to have made high demands. This has led to increased speculation about Stuart Baxter, who is believed to be prepared to return to Naturena. It remains speculation, but those close to Baxter’s employer Safa and Chiefs say negotiations are underway. Talks have only stalled because the association’s president, Danny Jordaan, is still in Russia at the 2018 Fifa World Cup. Greece is apparently the stumbling block for a deal between Grant and Chiefs, SunSport has learnt. Motaung said yesterday that they were under no pressure but wanted to get things right and get the right man for the job. “Patrick Mabedi is in charge of the team while they are in pre-season camp,” he said. “We may or may not unveil our new coach and parade all our new signings at the Maize Cup.” Among the players signed by Chiefs are Khama Billiat, Letlhogonolo Mirwa, Andriamirado Andrianarimanana and former Baroka FC goalkeeper Virgil Vries. The guessing game could be over if everything is revealed in Klerksdorp where SA football fans will gather to celebrate local talent. The Maize Cup takes place on the same day as the Fifa World Cup third place play-offs in Russia, which will be played later in the day. The event will be launched at the Carousel Casino in Hammanskraal by the North West MEC for Sport and Education, Sello Lehari, tonight. The three other clubs taking part will be announced at the launch, as the former North West club Platinum Stars are longer a PSL club and have relocated to Cape Town, where they are now known as Cape Umoya United. SunSport understands one of the games will be either Free State Stars or Bloemfontein Celtic, and a team from Limpopo or the Eastern Cape will also feature. Chiefs have a full pre-season schedule, which will see them take part in the Shell Helix Cup at FNB Stadium on 21 July, a week after the Maize Cup, and they have been invited to take part in tournaments in Mpumalanga and in the Eastern Cape too. The MTN8 also follows early in August.