BUYA Msuthu coach Kabelo Sibiya is confident that they will not only eliminate Kaizer Chiefs in the first semifinal of the Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup tomorrow, but ultimately win the tournament. ABC Motsepe League side Msuthu are the first team from the third tier division to take part in the four-team tournament and have vowed to make a mark by winning the title so they can take part again next season. “It is rare for lower league teams to be part of such tournaments. Since we have been given the opportunity, we need to make good use of it,” Sibiya said yesterday. Despite being in the lower leagues, the North West outfit, barely three years old, are no strangers to facing the big boys, as they have played the likes of Bloemfontein Celtic in the Nedbank Cup. They face Chiefs in the first semi of the day at James Motlatsi Stadium tomorrow (10am). The match will be followed by the Chippa United and Free State Stars encounter at 12pm, with the final scheduled for 4pm. Amakhosi are expected to unleash their new signings at this tournament, which they are also using to gear up for the Shell Ultra Helix Cup against Mamelodi Sundowns at FNB Stadium next weekend. Sibiya said his players were eager to face former teammate Letlhogonolo “Scara” Mirwa, who recently joined Chiefs along with Khama Billiat and Andriamirado “Dax” Andrianarimanana. But Msuthu vowed not to make things easy for the Maize Cup reigning champions. Said Sibiya: “We are well prepared for two games on the day, the semifinal and final. Everyone knows Chiefs are not an easy team but we are also quite capable. We want to beat them. Playing a team of Chiefs calibre is motivation on its own. And we also get to face our Mirwa,” said Sibiya. “Taking part in this tournament against big teams, knowing that our province does not have a team in the PSL or the National First Division, gives our players a lot of inspiration for the new season. Kabelo Mahlasela, who joined Chiefs in the January transfer window, said he aimed to shine at the all-day event. “I will be ready and give it my best if I get the chance to play in our game against Buya Msuthu.”