The South African National Civic Organisation (Sanco) has likened EFF leader Julius Malema to US President Donald Trump. This is after comments he made about businessman Patrice Motsepe over the weekend. During the EFF's fifth birthday celebration in Mdantsane in the Eastern Cape on Saturday, Malema accused Motsepe of being a state capture threat. "Hey, there is a new capture here led by Patrice Motsepe," he alleged in front of a large crowd gathered at the Sisa Dukashe stadium. "We want to warn Patrice Motsepe - we are watching you, the same way we watched the Guptas: Stop doing what you are doing.  It is unacceptable," said the EFF founder. Malema warned that Motsepe's ties to President Cyril Ramaphosa and Energy Minister Jeff Radebe - who are married to Motsepe sisters - were dangerous. "South Africa did not elect Patrice Motsepe as president." In a statement, Sanco spokesperson Jabu Mahlangu hit back at Malema saying that his theatrics and baseless accusations of 'new state capture', confirm the extent to which he is prepared to stoop, and allow lunacy to define the political discourse in the run-up to the 2019 elections. "He is currently competing with comedians in the popularity stakes and is not necessarily one whom the majority can entrust with governance," Mahlangu said. "He is very much like [US President] Donald Trump, whom in our case will completely destroy our rebounding economy with anarchy, populist as well as unsustainable policies. "He opts for vulgarity... spiced up with empty rhetoric in [a] typical right-wing public oratory style that is appealing to emotions instead of logic when the stakes are too high," he added. During Malema's speech, he also alleged that Ramaphosa was "not in charge" of the country - instead Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan and former finance minister Trevor Manuel were. They were planning on privatising state-owned enterprises, claimed Malema, adding that the EFF would not just ensure this never happened - it would also nationalise mines and banks. Mahlangu also noted that South Africans would not be deceived by those who were undermining Ramaphosa's plans for economic recovery. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/malema-is-very-much-like-donald-trump-sanco-20180729