Co-founder and Motsepe Foundation CEO Dr Precious Moloi-Motsepe said bringing Beyonce to Mzansi shores and getting her together with her husband Jay-Z was a difficult task. She told SunBuzz: “It was difficult to pull this one off. “To get both of them at the same time wasn’t easy. They’re busy doing their own tours. “We managed to do this because of a combination of many things that made them decide to come. “We’ve been getting calls to bring Beyonce here, more so after we brought Barcelona. We’re glad we’ve finally managed to do it.” One other reason was that it was in honour of Madiba. The foundation is working in partnership with the organisers, Global Citizen. So diarise 2 December as your date with Beyonce, the most sought-after artist in the world. Beyonce and her equally famous husband Jay-Z will headline the Global Citizen Festival. They’ll be joined on the stage by international and local artists such as Ed Sheeran, Cassper Nyovest, D’banj, Femi Kuti and Tiwa Savage. One of the aims of the festival, according to the organisers, is to bring poverty to its knees by the year 2030. Moloi-Motsepe said the FNB concert was the best thing they could have done for Madiba. She said Global Citizens asked them to come on board. “It’s an act of goodwill. It’s about how people can make the world better,” she said. Global Citizens and the artists are responding to Nelson Mandela’s call to end poverty. They also support educational initiatives. “Right now we have 2 000 students who studied at universities free of charge in science, technology, engineering and mathematics,” she said. “Our children should be educated, and those who’re doing sport should achieve. We’ve also partnered with the department of basic education, where we support 10 000 schools in their choral music competition.” The foundation also helps communities by renovating schools. And three weeks ago, it donated R8 million to schools in Soweto. “We’ve taken this roadshow to places like Tshwane, Limpopo and others,” said Moloi-Motsepe. “We identify schools that do well and pupils who’re excelling at sport. “When they need libraries, laboratories or multi-purpose centres, we help build those.” The foundation also holds five music concerts annually for local artists. “Madiba loved football. He used to say sport unites people. We also support the annual Nelson Mandela lecture that we support. “I’ll always remember Tata as a smiling, pleasant and engaging person. The beauty in bringing Beyonce is that she’ll be performing with local stars like Cassper Nyovest. We have a great line-up.Why are we doing this? We’re doing this because we want to reduce levels of poverty in Mzansi and in Africa.” Moloi-Motsepe said 70% of the tickets have to be earned by doing good work in the community.