When things don’t seem to be working out, it might be time for a change. It could be change of style, attitude, approach or in this case, change of stage name. A catchy stage name goes a long way in making a lasting impression on fans. Although fans mainly remember you for the output, having a catchy name helps with the appeal of your brand. With L’vovo Derrango announcing that he now wishes to be known simply as L’vovo, we take a look at other Mzansi musicians who have changed their stage names at some point in their careers for whatever reason. Some have managed to make their new stage names stick, while others have not quite been able to completely lose their old ones. Smashis to Zingah Sipho Mkhize, was better known as Smashis until he changed his stage name to Zingah. While we are not sure about the reasons behind his name change, it does seem like it came with a new found energy. The former Cash Time Fam member has been arguably busier after changing his name in terms of music and has even released a new album titled For the Level. Tumi from the Volume to Stogie T Tumi Molekane used to go by the name Tumi, but these days he is known as Stogie T. He changed his name in 2017 just before releasing his album Stogie T. Dash to Zulu Mkhathini Not only did Dash change his name to Zulu Mkhathini, but he also parted ways with his group Dreamteam. The 25 year old whose real name is Mthoko Mkahthini, seems to have gone through some sort rebranding and is now making a name as a presenter. Pro Kid to P.R.O Rapper Linda Mkhize, used to take the stage under the name Pro Kid, until he grew a little older and it did not make sense for him to be referred to as a kid anymore we can only assume. He then dropped the “Kid” and wanted to be called P.R.O before he went a bit quiet in the music scene. L’vovo Derrango to L’vovo The Kwaito star recently dropped the "Derrango" from his name and is now simply known as L’vovo. After 11 years, L’vovo felt it was time to let go of Derrango. He has just released a brand new single titled Iyavaya which features Dr Malinga and Professor, the first under the new name.  