DANGEROUS boozing hits men where it humiliates them most! Excessive drinking is a major cause of erectile dysfunction – when a man cannot get an erection. Such problems with 4-5s due to booze is also a symptom of cardiovascular issues that could lead to heart disease and strokes. Heart disease is a leading cause of death in Mzansi. According to the Heart and Stroke Foundation of South Africa, 225 people die of heart disease every day, and 10 suffer from a stroke every hour. Dr Shingai Mutambirwa, head of urology at Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University and urologist at Dr George Mukhari Academic Hospital, said erectile dysfunction has many causes, but heavy drinking is a major one. “Drinking too much prevents blood flow to the penis. The blood vessels need to open to let the blood flow in and close to keep the blood in the tissues which create a firm erection. Alcohol damages blood vessels, making them unable to close, and damaged blood vessels hold only a weak erection at best.” DR Mutambirwa advised men to slow down on their drinking for the sake of their health. “The moderate limit is 14 units of alcohol a week, or two a day according to Britain’s health authorities. “To be safer, I recommend one- and-a-half units a day for men and one for women. “Men and women metabolise alcohol differently. Men can drink more than women because they have higher levels of dehydrogenase and aldehyde enzymes and low body fat. Women have lower levels of the two enzymes that break down alcohol in the stomach and liver, but more body fat, which slows alcoholic metabolism,” said Mutambirwa. According to Drink Aware UK, spirits such as whisky, brandy and vodka have an alcohol volume of about 43%. Wine is 12% to 14,5%. Beer and cider is 4% to 5%. One unit is 218ml of cider, 250ml of beer, 76ml of wine and 25ml of whisky and other spirits. Dr Bhekifa Dube, vascular surgeon at Green Acres Hospital, said men with erectile dysfunction have a higher risk of getting cardiovascular diseases leading to strokes and heart attacks. “Excessive alcohol intake degrades the health of this heart problem group and only adds to multiple organ malfunction. “Too much alcohol intake may result in problems such as cardiomyopathy, which adds to worsening risk and prognosis of heart attacks.” Marshall Lamani, director of the Knysna Alcohol & Drug Centre, said men must not wait for alcohol to impair their health before seeking medical and mental help.