AJAX Cape Town will today officially take their war with the Premier Soccer League (PSL) to a new level. The angry Capetonians will submit application documents to the South Gauteng High Court today to interdict (block) the start of the 2018-19 Absa Premiership season. The season is due to kick off on 4 August and the start cannot be delayed, said PSL chairman Irvin Khoza when he recently addressed the media on the ongoing Tendai Ndoro eligibility drama, which has been dragging on for nearly eight months now. Ajax and the PSL have been at each other’s throats since the start of the year and have frequently involved legal institutions in the last four months, including courts of law – which goes against Fifa’s recommendations on ways to resolve football matters. Despite Khoza and the National Soccer League (NSL) board of governors’ wishes to have the season start on time, Ajax chairman and chief executive Ari Efstathiou has taken the conflict to another level. However, Efstathiou says he is not looking for trouble nor does he want to do damage to any relationships, he just wants justice to be done. He says this is the route “big clubs would have followed if they were in our predicament”. The battle lines were drawn when the South Gauteng High Court Judge Denise Fisher recently set aside the ruling by SA Football Association (Safa) arbitrator William Mokhari SC, ruling that Mokhari “did not have the jurisdiction to determine the issue of Ndoro’s eligibility to be fielded in the affected matches”. Mokhari had initially ordered that Ajax be docked points for all three the matches that featured Ndoro – against SuperSport United, Platinum Stars and Polokwane City, which resulted in the Urban Warriors moving down to the bottom of the PSL standings. Platinum Stars, who were initially set to be relegated, moved up to 15th and got the spot in the promotion play-offs, while Ajax were relegated to the National First Division. But then Fisher declared the play-offs, which were ultimately won by Black Leopards after pipping Stars and Jomo Cosmos to the post to claim promotion to the elite league, invalid. Fisher ruled that the league must reinstate Ajax to 15th position, which would entail a replay of the play-offs. But the NSL board has since moved swiftly to seek leave to appeal Fisher’s judgment, which SunSport understands was submitted on 6 July. The board is still awaiting the outcome of the application on whether the league can appeal or not. The Ndoro matter was referred back to the Fifa Players’ Status Committee for a decision, but while PSL clubs wait, Ajax and the PSL find themselves on opposite sides as Ndoro walks around in the streets of Zimbabwe. When asked how determined they were to see the matter through, Efstathiou said they were not running out of steam yet. He said: “We will go as far as we can to get what we believe is justice.” Should today’s interdiction application fail, Efstathiou said they would “take it from there” and pursue other channels “until justice is done”. He brushed aside any suggestions that they had already dented their image with the league: “Ask all those people what they would have done if they were in our position. If we are doing this because we are completely wrong, they would be right and we would agree. “I don’t think we are messing up the relationship with the league or any of the clubs. If any of the big clubs were in the same predicament they would be doing exactly the same thing. “People should respect that we have the right to do what we are doing now. We are not doing it for any other reason but to get justice for the club. “If the league acted honourably the play-offs would only have started on the 4th or 5th of this month (July) – and they would be finished by now. “Competing in the play-offs is our right. We’re not asking for anything more than that.” He said they would tell the court “to stop the start of the league until the play-offs are completed” with Ajax’s involvement. “That would be justice on our side.” 