AYANDA Gcaba has resurfaced at newly promoted Absa Premiership side Black Leopards. He started training with them on Monday with the hope of securing a contract. The 32-year-old Gcaba, who hails from Port Shepstone in KwaZulu-Natal, spent the whole of Tuesday under the strict supervision of Lidoda Duvha coach Joel Masutha. Contacted for comment yesterday, Gcaba said he was living in hope and would just be dishing out his best football and take it from there. “I think they like me. We have a friendly match soon and that is when I will prove my worth here in Venda,” he told SunSport. But last month the hard-tackling former Orlando Pirates defender told Goal.com that he wanted to join either AmaZulu or Golden Arrows to revive his fading career. He indicated that he had no beef with Bucs who loaned him out to now-relegated Platinum Stars in January after he didn’t impress head coach Milutin “Micho” Sredejovic and his assistant Rhulani Mokwena. “I don’t have a problem with them (Pirates coaches). I just have to prove that I am a quality player at the club I will join next,” Gcaba told Goal.com. At Dikwena Gcaba did not regularly feature in Roger de Sa’s team either, but he is hoping that Leopards will present him with the platform to bounce back to the big time. Leopards were promoted to the PSL after winning the now controversial play-offs last month. Ndou has confirmed that he is in Bloemfontein “where my future looks bright”. It is unclear exactly how bright his future will be, as the club is still undergoing a process of change of ownership, with club boss Max Tshabalala having announced that he is selling the club. Reports surfaced yesterday that there was no training session on Tuesday, as players went on strike because they haven’t received their salaries for the last four months. Apart from a Northern Cape businessman’s interest in the club, SunSport has been told that there is a Russian consortium interested in taking over at Celtic. “The Russians have already contacted the club but want it to remain in the Free State where it is today,” our source says. “I am not sure whether these guys are already in the country or not. They have not signed anything yet but prices have been discussed, including the club bus. I understand it amounts to a package deal of R65 million. “They want the club to remain in Bloemfontein under the same leadership and managers. They just want own and fund the club.”