 French arms company Thint (Thales), which has been charged
along with former president Jacob Zuma in his corruption case, said on Friday
that it did not believe it had a chance of a fair trial in South Africa. This was as lawyers for both the company and Zuma told the
Kwazulu-Natal High Court in Pietermaritzburg that they were preparing
applications for a permanent stay of prosecution. The National Prosecuting Authority confirmed earlier this
week that it had turned down representations by the arms company to withdraw
charges against it. "We believe there are reasonable prospects of [a]
successful prosecution," NPA spokesperson Luvuyo Mfaku told News24 at the
time. 'Cannot obtain a fair trial' Zuma, who made a brief appearance on Friday, faces charges
of corruption, fraud, money laundering and racketeering, while Thint faces charges
of corruption and fraud. In a statement, the company said it noted the decision by
the national director of public prosecutions. "Thales intends to consider all legal options available
to it under South African law in order to present its defence to the charges in
this procedure commenced as far back as 2006," it said. "Bearing in mind the very long delay of this procedure
– through no fault of Thales at all – together with a range of factors beyond
its control, Thales believes it cannot obtain a fair trial, as it is entitled
to under the South African Constitution and international law." In 1997, Thales won a R2.6bn stake in South Africa's R60bn
arms acquisition programme to supply combat systems for four frigates procured
by the navy. The case involves 783 questionable payments to Zuma,
allegedly received from the company in connection with the arms deal. The company reiterated that it had no knowledge of any
transgressions being committed by any of its staff in relation to the arms
deal. "Thales respects the law, has a zero-tolerance policy
on corruption and has cooperated fully with the local authorities at all times,
and will continue to do so." The court case was provisionally postponed until November
30. SOURCE: NEWS24