It’s time to clear up some of the misconceptions men have about sex during that time of the month. Having sex during your partner’s menstrual period may not be your cup of tea, but then if you’ve never tried it, how would you know? There are countless religious and cultural taboos that forbid intercourse during that time of the month and you’ll have to make up your own mind about exactly how you feel about those. But there are also some pretty silly misconception and myths about period sex, especially among guys, that need to be cleared up. 1. It’s gross Look, there’s no doubt that period sex has the potential of being a fair bit more messy than sex during the rest of the month, but with a little planning it’s not gross at all. A towel or an extra sheet spread on your bed will do a discreet mop-up job if necessary. Alternatively, why not do the deed in the shower or the bath tub. There’s nothing like a change of scenery to keep things interesting and any messiness is easily washed away at the turn of a tab. As another option, you partner may want to try wearing a diaphragm, or a menstrual cap shaped like one, or even a female condom all of which will capture any blood while allowing penetration. If you use a dental dam even oral sex during her period doesn’t have to freak you out – some guys actually develop a particular, erm... taste for it. 2. It’s unhealthy Contrary to many cultural and religious taboos, from a medical perspective, menstrual blood is no more “dirty” than other bodily fluids. Provided you practice safe sex, period sex is perfectly healthy and will not have any adverse effects on your penis or her reproductive organs. 3. You can’t get AIDS or STDs The surprisingly widespread belief that it’s impossible to contract HIV/Aids or other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), like syphilis and chlamydia, during period sex is false. Like semen, vaginal fluid and other bodily excretions, menstrual blood will contain STDs, including HIV, if the women happens to be a carrier and if you have unprotected sex with her your risk of contracting the disease from her is high. Safe sex is not negotiable, whether your doing it during her period or not, so always protect yourself by wearing a condom. 4. It won’t be fun Rather than limiting their enjoyment, some women experience an increased sex drive during their period as a result of the surge of hormones sloshing around their bodies during that time of their cycle. Menstruation also tends to make the vagina more sensitive and perceptive to stimulation. Some women report that they have more intense and quicker orgasms during period sex. Couples frequently say that they enjoy the extra lubrication and the “earthiness” of it all. 5. She can’t fall pregnant No time of the month is 100% safe and while it’s quite unlikely, it is definitely possible for your partner to fall pregnant during her period. So unless you’re planning to become a father, make sure to practice safe sex and always remember to condomise. 6. It’ll make her period worse If you worry about prolonging her period by having sex during her time of the month, don’t. In fact, quite the opposite might be the case. Many women report that intercourse during menstruation actually helps to relieve menstrual cramps and pains. The uterus goes through muscular contractions during an orgasm and semen contains prostaglandins, the hormones that stimulate uterine contractions. In combination this tends to increase the number of contractions, allowing her body to expel menstrual blood more quickly, bringing the period to an early end. If you’re not sure about all of this, but think you might want to give it a try, why don’t you talk to your partner about it. Together you can explore whether period sex will work for you. One thing’s for sure guys: we shouldn’t be afraid of a little blood – women deal with it every month! - Health24