CASH van robberies around Mzansi have gone down by 61%,
that's according to SAPS. The cops said that since the implementation of a
nationwide stabilisation operation on the 4 June 2018, more than 40 suspects
involved in these crime categories have been arrested. Four of these suspects rank among the top 20 of
identified suspects wanted for similar crimes. A substantial amount of money as well as arms and
ammunition have been recovered. "The most notable achievement of these operations is
that these robberies have been reduced significantly by 61% in the month of
June 2018 compared to the month of May 2018," said cops spokesman Vishnu
Naidoo. He said that In the past week there has been at least
five attempted robberies on Cash-in-transit vehicles. "Two vehicles, one travelling on the N8 highway from
Thaba Nchu and the other from Bostchabelo to Bloemfontein when they were
attacked by a group of armed men which left both drivers shot and wounded in
the leg. "This was followed by another attempted robbery of a
CIT vehicle while travelling toward Umtata, then Another on Atlas Road in
Boksburg which left one suspect dead and a guard injured. "The fifth attempt was at an ATM in Dobsonville in
Soweto. It must be noted that the security interventions both by police and
private security is making it nearly impossible for armed robbers to access the
cash," he said. Police minister Bheki Cele also said that the number of
arrests is a sign of cops' commitment to the constitutional mandate to uphold
and enforce the law, on the scourge of cash in transit robberies that continue
to terrorize people. "Nothing must divert or distract our men in blue
from creating a safe and secure environment for all people of South Africa and
ensure criminals are brought to justice. “We are serious about turning the tide and we will not
rest until we win the war on criminals,” Minister Cele concluded Police commissioner General Khehla John Sitole said security
officers are putting their lives on line on a daily basis to protect the
valuable cargo they transport and they must be commended for their efforts. "We will
continue to stamp the Authority of the State in our efforts to prevent, combat
and investigate crime and we will do this without any fear or favour,"
added General Sitole. 