Iconic landmarks around the world will turn red in a global display of unity on July 20 Johannesburg, 10 July 2018 – Special Olympics South Africa will flick the switch and turn on the Nelson Mandela statue red in a global display of unity on July 20 as part of the Special Olympics 50th Anniversary Celebration. The act represents the dawn of the Inclusion Revolution—Special Olympics’ mission to end discrimination against people with intellectual disabilities (ID) worldwide and create inclusive communities.   Date: 20 July 2018 Time: 17:30 Venue: Nelson Mandela square (Nelson Mandela statue)  Assisting us to celebrate the lighting of the statue are Special Olympics Chairman, Dr Mathews Phosa, Special Olympics ambassadors, Mark Fish, Letshego Zulu, Gin and Soldier boy McLellan, Kim Jayde, Melanie Ramjee, Lil Red and Special Olympics Supporter, John Vlismas just to name a few.  In addition to the Nelson Mandela statue, more than 70 landmarks worldwide will participate in the Light Up for Inclusion initiative, creating a global display of tolerance, respect and celebration of difference. Major global landmarks participating in Light Up for Inclusion include, but are not limited to the following: 1. ADNOC HQ building & YAS Viceroy Hotel, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 2. African Renaissance Monument, Dakar, Senegal  3. Amman Citadel, Amman, Jordan  4. London Eye & Piccadilly sign, London, UK 5. Lotte World Tower, Seoul, South Korea  6. The Royal Palace, Bucharest, Romania 7. Angel of Independence, Mexico City, Mexico 8. Administration Building Panama Canal, Panama 9. Nelson Mandela Statue, Johannesburg, South Africa 10. Niagara Falls, USA and Canada  11. Prudential Buildings, Willis Tower & more, Chicago, USA 12. Olympic Stadium, Baku, Azerbaijan 13. Superdome, New Orleans, USA 14. The Esplanade & Singapore Flyer, Singapore 15. The Water Cute, Beijing, China   Light Up for Inclusion is part of the action-packed Special Olympics 50th Anniversary Celebration taking place in Chicago from July 17-21. Chicago is the birthplace of the first International Special Olympics Summer Games, which were held at Soldier Field in July 1968.  Special Olympics athletes, coaches, supporters and celebrities from around the globe will gather in Chicago for the 50th Anniversary to commemorate 50 years of joy, courage and empowerment, and participate in a weekend filled with inspiring events. 