ORLANDO Pirates striker Ayanda Nkosi has been released by the Soweto giants as he is deemed surplus to requirement. SunSport has reliably learnt that the 25-year-old, who joined Bucs from Free State Stars in 2016, does not feature in coach Milutin Sredojevic’s plans. Said the source: “Ayanda was released by the club last Friday. He has struggled to break into the starting lineup since he joined the club from Stars and that’s why he was released to seek game-time elsewhere.” According to another source, Nkosi could be heading back to Ea Lla Koto, as coach Luc Eymael is searching for another striker, having brought Eleazar Rogers on board from Bidvest Wits. “Nkosi is a quality striker and can form a great partnership with Rogers. He won’t struggle to adapt because he knows the culture of the club.” Meanwhile, left-back Thabo Matlaba could leave Pirates, as he is rumoured to have caught the attention of Wits and Soweto rivals Kaizer Chiefs. Matlaba was due to join Chippa United with winger Bernard Morrison, but the duo refused to sign with the Port Elizabeth club. Morrison’s contract was terminated but Matlaba is still with Bucs. Elsewhere, Polokwane City have parted ways with Msekeli Mvalo, who was unveiled just last month as one of their new signings for the upcoming Absa Premiership season due to start on Saturday. It seems Rise and Shine head coach Josef Vukusic was not impressed by Mvalo’s performance during the pre-season training camp. The former Chippa defender is reportedly now training with National First Division side University of Pretoria in a bid to win a contract. Former Kaizer Chiefs midfielder Edmore Chirambadare, meanwhile, is training with newly promoted Black Leopards with the hope of impressing head coach Joel Masutha and his technical team. The 26-year-old Zimbabwean winger was released by Amakhosi at the end of last season and has been searching for a new team. Chirambadare joined Amakhosi in 2016 from his home country’s side Chicken Inn, but failed to impress in his two-year stay with the PSL giants.