KWAZULU-NATAL outfit Mighty Birds FC have emerged as hot favourites to win the 18th edition of the Maimane Alfred Phiri (MAP) Games currently underway in Alexandra. The Birds have been flying solo as the most consistent team in the tournament since the start, while their attractive and entertaining approach to the game has seen them win hundreds of fans who are now rallying behind them. Out of 160 teams only four remain – Soweto Super United, ComeBoys, Mighty Birds and Grandiose – and one of them will be crowned champions to walk away with the R175 000 in prize money this coming Sunday. These teams were all involved in the semifinal first leg last weekend. Birds drew 0-0 with Grandiose, while the other match also ended in a goalless draw. The games will now move from Rotary Grounds to Alex Stadium, where the second leg of the semifinals will take place on Saturday. The final is scheduled for Sunday at the same venue. Birds, who hail from Ladysmith, were eliminated in the semis last year. Coach Xolani Khumalo has vowed to surpass last year’s achievement. He said: “The boys came here to showcase their skills in the hope of being identified by scouts from the PSL and NFD. Our main focus is to reach the final and win it. “We have gone too far – we cannot afford to lose it at this stage. “After the goalless draw there’s a bit of pressure going into the second leg on Saturday, but we are still on the right track.” Mighty Birds boast players such as Ginger Kgope and Killer Myaka, who have become big fan favourites at this tournament. Supporters have been coming out in numbers to attend the games since the tournament’s start, which makes MAP Games founder Maimane Phiri very proud. The games have grown in popularity over the years, with fans travelling from across the country to attend. Phiri, who was a member of Bafana Bafana’s 1998 World Cup squad, admits it will be a big challenge to make room at the stadium for everyone. “The stadium can take 15 000 spectators, but we may end up having more people than the stadium can accommodate,” admitted Phiri as the final preparations for the move are completed in the area better known as Gomora. “We will find a way of controlling the numbers.”