SOLDIERS will not be deployed to deal with gangsterism and high crime rates in Cape Town's low-income communities. Police Minister Bheki Cele maintained on Thursday. He confirmed his stance an hour before the DA, led by party leader Mmusi Maimane, marched to the Nyanga police station calling for the deployment of the army to crime-ridden areas in the city. Cele gave an update on Operation Thunder, a police initiative which saw the deployment of 267 public order policing officers to nine stations in the Western Cape – Mitchells Plain, Steenberg, Manenberg, Philippi, Bishop Lavis, Worcester, Ravensmead, Elsies River and Philippi East – from June 20. Launched in May, the operation adopts a "geographical and targeted approach focusing on dominating specific hotspot areas and identified individuals". Cele said the defence force's intervention was not necessary despite his predecessor, Fikile Mbalula, last year promising embattled residents that the army would be dispatched to deal with the bullets and bloodshed in their crime-stricken communities. The police minister said that at the time of "Honourable Mbaks'" commitment, Operation Thunder had not yet been in effect. "People don't want the army per se. They want safety," he said. "They don't want soldiers, they want peace." Cele pointed out that soldiers were not trained in policing, but for military situations. "There are things that they can't tolerate that the police can. If the police look for a suspect, they must rather allow him to escape rather than [fire upon bystanders]. The army is not trained in that," Cele explained. He said better options were needed. "We haven't reached the point where we are going to deploy." Cele said since the inception of Operation Thunder 5 111 arrests had been made, including 999 for contact crimes such as murder and attempted murder. Among the high flyers nabbed were two alleged 28s Barbarian Mobsters hitmen from Kraaifontein; the alleged leader of the Laughing Boys in Hanover Park, for drug possession; and an alleged Hard Livings hitman from Manenberg. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/cele-says-no-to-army-deployment-for-cape-towns-crime-ridden-streets-20180719