NEWLY appointed Kaizer Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas is still getting a good look at his team. The Italian mentor has yet to take over the reins from his assistant Patrick Mabedi, as he is still waiting for his work permit. Two weeks ago, the former Free State Stars coach watched from the stands as his team lifted the Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup in North West. At the weekend the Italian looked on as Amakhosi lost 2-1 to Mamelodi Sundowns in the inaugural Shell Helix Ultra Cup at FNB Stadium. Mabedi revealed that Solinas didn’t give him any specific instructions or tactics going into the game against the Brazilians on Saturday. He confirmed that Amakhosi need just one more new signing, a left-back, to complete their squad. The Tshwane giants turned on the style in the second half with two goals by Jeremy Brockie and Themba Zwane to win the pre-season one-day tournament in front of 30 000 spectators. Substitute Bernard Parker scored Chiefs’ consolation goal with the last kick of the game. Mabedi said: “Sundowns gave us a good test and we have to admit that they were the better team on the day. We identified the areas we have to work on going forward. We are still in pre-season and trying different combinations.” He said the technical team was happy with the players and Chiefs only need to fill one more position. He stressed that they have a squad good enough to compete for the league title. Mabedi went on: “We are happy with what we have. We just have one position to consider, for the rest of the positions we are sorted. We made a few mistakes and will work hard to rectify them.” Commenting on the new coach Mabedi said he didn’t require anything from him. He said: “He is still observing, that is what he is doing for now. He first joined us in North West just to watch and did the same against Sundowns.” On the question of whether Amakhosi would challenge for the league title, Mabedi said they were working towards it. He said: “We have good players capable of competing. We can do it, we don’t have a bad squad.”