SINCE his term as US president ended, Barack Obama has not made many public appearances. But yesterday he gave a speech to the people of Mzansi in honour of Nelson Mandela’s centenary. And he told South Africa to follow in Madiba’s footsteps in a world where the poor find themselves isolated by the rich. Delivering the Nelson Mandela lecture at the Wanderers Stadium in Joburg, Obama said captains of industry made decisions that made life difficult for the poor as they lived in a separate world. Obama said a few dozen people were controlling the world’s wealth and many countries were returning to an older and more dangerous way of doing business. “If we’re serious about universal freedom today, it’s not enough to protest. “We’re going to have to build, we’re going to have to innovate,” he told thousands of people who braved the chilly weather to hear him speak. “The previous structures of power, privilege and discrimination never completely went away.” Obama said captains of industry made decisions they thought were rational for their balance sheets without caring about how they affected people. “They don’t see the pain of laid off workers. Many titans of industry and finance are increasingly detached from a locale,” he said. “Their decisions to shut down manufacturing plants or minimise the tax bill, or their decision to take advantage of the lower cost of immigrant labour are not done in malice. “Global decision makers often can’t hear the resentment of the older tradesmen. “Their children don’t suffer from a lower qualify of education because tax bases are reduced.” Obama said as the world celebrated Madiba’s legacy, it was standing at the crossroads of the emerging politics of fear and hope. “How do we respond to this? Should we see the hope we saw as naive and misguided? I tell you what I believe. I believe in the vision of Nelson Mandela,” he said. “Those of us who believe in equality, we are going to have to fight harder.” Obama said as Madiba guided this nation through reconciliation and embraced former enemies, South Africans grew to understand it was not just the oppressed being freed from the shackles of the past. “He fought the fight to end apartheid. “Through his sacrifice and unwavering leadership and most of all through his moral example, Mandela and the movement he led would come to embody universal aspirations. “Madiba’s light shone so brightly that in the late 1970s, he could inspire a young college student on the other side of the world to re-examine my own priorities, to reconsider the small role I might play in bending the arm towards justice,” Obama said. 