THE government has thrown its weight behind Netball South Africa (NSA) in its bid to host the 2023 World Cup. The national body for netball has already submitted its bid and is vying with New Zealand for the rights to host the biggest international netball tournament in the world. The big announcement will only be made in Singapore in April next year. NSA president Cecilia Molokwane is quite confident SA will prevail in the fierce race against the formidable New Zealand. Her confidence stems from the guarantees the national government has given to ensure the bid succeeds. “We wouldn’t be bidding for the World Cup if we weren’t confident,” said Molokwane, speaking ahead of the Spar Women’s National Championships which have since got underway in Port Elizabeth. “It would be the first time in the country’s history that we host a World Cup for such a major female-dominated sport. “Together with the Department of Sport and Recreation, Western Cape Sport and the City of Cape Town, we will make this a reality. We say to everybody ‘put your hands up for 2023’ for women.” While Netball New Zealand has earmarked hosting the 2023 World Cup as part of its centenary celebrations, Mzansi aims to bring the first ever Netball World Cup to the African continent. NSA regularly hosts international tournament such as the Quad Series but this would be the first major netball tournament held in the country. “The tournament is not only about South Africa but also about Africa,” said Molokwane. “But the dream to bring the 16 nations to these shores will not become a reality without the government’s key support.” Said Deputy Sports Minister Gert Oosthuizen: “Netball is more than a game. It’s what brings us together as a nation. “I think the time has come for us to host the World Cup. I want to assure Netball SA of our support as government in their bid to host the tournament. I have absolutely no doubt that we will emerge victorious in this campaign. “South Africa has an impeccable record of hosting major events. We’ve earned ourselves a reputation of being one of the world’s sports and event destinations.” As a sporting nation, South Africa has often demonstrated ability and capacity to host international competitions, the highlight being the 2010 Fifa World Cup. A massive cash injection and spin-offs are already being projected.