THE MURDER of a woman is a crime against her and a crime against the nation. And for those who think the situation is improving, think again. Look no further than the charred remains of woman under a burnt car tyre. Azintle Feni (25) was reported missing on 25 June after going out to celebrate Youth Day. Azintle’s mother, Thembakazi Jack from Motherwell, Port Elizabeth said her heart did not want to let her daughter go out because the family was celebrating together. “We were enjoying the June 16 celebration together. I didn’t want her to go,” she told Daily Sun. “I looked deep into her eyes trying to convince her not to go. But I could not discourage her. Little did I know it was the last time I would see her.” Thembakazi said she gave Azintle, a grade 11 pupil at Ndyebo Secondary School in Motherwell, her uniform and school shoes. “She wore them to remember the massacre of 1976.” She said they became worried when Azintle didn’t come back that day. Thembakazi (40) said: “Azintle had an eight-year-old daughter staying in King Williams Town. We are trying to gather courage to break the tragic news to her. She loved her mother dearly.” She said Azintle went back to school to complete her education to find a better job to look after her daughter. Police spokesman Captain Andre Beetge said police received information on 28 June that she was last seen in the company of a 25-year-old man. Cops followed the lead and found the man in a house with a blue Mazda in the yard. Police found traces of blood in the vehicle. “At another house in Kamvelihle where the suspect regularly used a room, bloodstains were found on the bed.” He said the suspect took detectives deep into the bush at Chalumna Street where Azintle’s body was found dumped and burnt. “A burnt tyre used to burn the body was found close to the remains,” he said. Azintle’s father, Mphathi Jack (49) said: “Ever since she disappeared I have not slept well. I always hoped she would knock on the door.” The suspect is due to appear in Motherwell Court today on a charge of murder.