THE future looks bright for Mzansi football with the amount of talent emerging from different youth tournaments around the country. This bodes well for the national teams in different age groups who are already enjoying some success, qualifying for different international tournaments. The success is expected to eventually spill over to Bafana Bafana at some stage. Bidvest Wits lifted one of the tournaments that play a crucial role in the development of young talent, the Engen Knockout Challenge championship. They edged Orlando Pirates 1-0 in the final played on Sunday. Their triumph meant the Clever Boys will feature in the Engen Champ of Champs to take place in early October. Wits will battle it out with fellow regional winners Hellenic (Cape Town), Apex United (Port Elizabeth), Royal Eagles (Durban), Virginia Sports Academy (Bloemfontein) and hosts Supersport United for the honors. Mzansi football legends such as Mark Fish, Daniel “Sailor” Tshabalala, Shaun Bartlett and Surprise Moriri were among those who came to watch young talent shine at the tournament. Also watching with keen eyes were SAFA national youth coaches Thabo Senong and Helman Mkhelele. Just as well because the final proved to be a thriller filled with goalmouth action. Deon Horn’s first half free kick proved to be enough to hand Coach Siza Maphala’s Clever Boys the title despite playing much of the second half on the back foot. “Mental strength is key in football, you cannot achieve success without it,” Maphala said afterwards. “Hopefully, our first team coach (Gavin Hunt) will promote one or two players this season.” Meanwhile, another group of talented youngsters is emerging from the COPA Coca-Cola U15 tournament. The 2018 edition of the global U15 School’s tournament moves on to Gauteng for its Provincial Play Offs at the Kagiso Stadium in Kagiso, west of Johannesburg. Eight schools from the various Gauteng regions will battle it out for a place in the COPA Coca-Cola National Finals set to take place in Port Elizabeth between 26 and 29 September. The incentive for the youngsters is a life-changing scouting initiative led by tournament ambassador and former Bafana Bafana player, Jabu “Shuffle” Mahlangu. The best performing players from each COPA Coca-Cola Provincial Play Offs will be selected   to form part of the COPA Coca-Cola Future Stars Camp to be held in Pretoria. “Gauteng is known for producing incredible players when it comes to soccer,” Mahlangu said. “Some of these players have gone to represent the national team and this coming Saturday promises to be an exciting day of entertaining school’s football action. “We urge the community of Kagiso to come out in their numbers and enjoy some good football from these budding youngsters” he added. 