The SABC3’s popular Presenter Search on 3 show is up and running for a fourth time and the race to be one of three lucky contestants is heating up. After standing out in a nationwide audition process, and  coming out unscathed in various challenges in masterclasses, ten extremely talented presenters have made the cut for the Presenter Search on 3 top 10. However, it only gets tougher from here as their presenting skills will be put to the ultimate test as they go head to head for a spot on SABC 3’s Top Billing, Expreeso and Afternoon Express. The coming weeks will present a tough challenge for the contestants as they will be facing the chopping block until only the final three remain. The lucky three will be rewarded with presenting contracts with the SABC and each join one of the three above mentioned shows Here is a look at the top ten contestants to have impressed the judges. Harmony Katulondi From Johannesburg, 28-year old Harmony Katulondi is a model and voice-over artist. He holds a double degree in Economics and Econometrics and his unique smooth voice has earned him work for some of South Africa’s biggest advertising campaigns. His style is influenced by his mother, who has her own fashion label that specialises in African prints. He is fluent in French and enjoys spending time outdoors. Peelo MookodiBorn in Botswana, 24-year old Peelo Mookodi is an entertainment entrepreneur with a passion for women empowerment. She obtained her degree in International Relations & Psychology at WITS in Johannesburg. No stranger to the limelight, Peelo has experience as a TV presenter in her home country, having hosted a lifestyle travel show on the national broadcaster, BTV. Peelo is passionate about education and in her spare time enjoys reading and cooking.Mosa Kaiser From Johannesburg, 27-year old Mosa Kaiser started her acting career at the young age of six in the popular kids show, Takalani Sesame. Over her career she has had supporting roles in major international productions including the Academy Award-nominated Hotel Rwanda in 2004. She completed her honours degree in film and TV at WITS and currently she hosts her own show on the urban radio station Massiv Metro.Shannon Leibach From Johannesburg, 22-year old Shannon Leibach is an acting student at WITS. He describes himself as selflessly devoted to ensuring people have a good time and part-time he organises and manages social events. In 2015 he won a scholarship to The New York Film Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in America. Outside of acting, Shannon is a passionate scuba diver and loves spending time in the water with his dad.Fezile MkhizeFrom Johannesburg, Fezile Mkhize is a 27-year old medical doctor. With a passion to help people, he chose a career in medicine to have a direct positive impact on the lives of others. Convinced to audition by his girlfriend, Fezile hopes that being a TV presenter will give him a bigger platform to live out his passion. In his spare time he enjoys reading and shooting hoops at the local basketball court with his friends.Thabiso Makhubela Originally from Hammanskraal, 28-year old Thabiso Makhubela did his postgraduate in Business Project Management at the University of Cape Town. An entrepreneur at heart, he runs his own brand consultancy in Johannesburg and is chairman of the youth chapter at The Public Relations Institute of Southern Africa. In his spare time, Thabiso enjoys and evening at the theatre, or feeding his adventurous spirit by skydiving or paragliding.Palesa Tembe From Durban, 27-year old Palesa Tembe is an actress and youtuber. She studied drama and psychology at Rhodes University, which must come in handy as the only daughter in a family with four boys. Her family is the most important part of her life and she loves to give back by volunteering at children’s homes in the local community. She uses her Youtube channel to highlight young passionate people who are leaders in their industries.Laurina MachiteFrom Port Elizabeth, 24-year old Laurina Machite is a social media influencer, lifestyle blogger and part-time student, working towards her charted global management accounting qualification. She manages her own online platform that empowers women with a range of lifestyle and beauty advice, from fashion tips to make-up tutorials. Laurina lives with her mom and siblings in PE and enjoys spending quality time with them at home.Zikhona Mda  From Cape Town, Zikhona Mda is a 33-year old actress and voice-over artist. In her career she has starred in a number of local productions including a key role the SABC 1 drama, Amaza. This is a third chance at stardom for Zikhona who auditioned for presenter search both in 2012 and 2015. She enjoys spending time with her two dogs on the beach and is passionate about health and wellness, with a keen interest in yoga.Ryle De MornyFrom Cape Town, 29-year old Ryle de Morny is an entrepreneur, model and lifeguard. He is the title holder of “fastest man on sand”, winning gold twice at the world championships for beach sprinting. With a passion for fitness, Ryle runs his own company that manufactures customised gym equipment for athletes. He started lifesaving at the age of eight and has been performing weekend duties at local lifesaving club for the past 20 years.Catch Presenter Search on 3 every Thursday during its brand new 20:30 timeslot on SABC3.   