Uterine fibroids (also known as leiomyomas), are benign (non-cancerous) tumours, that can be found in the smooth muscle layer (myometrium) of 20 to 40 percent of women aged 35 and older. It is very scary to know that a woman may have fibroids but not even know. This is because Fibroids only become a problem once you experience the symptoms. These symptoms are: - Heavy periods- Painful periods- Issues with urinary frequency and retention - Fertility and pregnancy problems - Abdominal discomfort and bloating - Constipation - Back ache - Painful sexual intercourse It is always advised to make sure you go to a full body medical check up twice a year, and for women that includes a gynaecologist. Now just like any other tumour, it is vital that it has to be removed. Many women with fibroids are advised to have a hysterectomy. A hysterectomy is a surgical operation to remove all or part of the uterus. But now, women have another option- The Uterine Fibroid Embolisation. This operation targets the fibroids individually; it is internationally recognised as a highly effective and scientifically established permanent treatment for uterine fibroids. The way this procedure works is that through an artery in the thigh, the radiologist (a medical doctor who has special training in image guided micro invasive surgery) guides a thin tube into the vessels that supply the uterus. Microscopic polymer beads are infused into the blood vessels supplying the fibroids. The fibroids are starved of their nutrient blood supply and shrink. However just like many other procedures there are advantages and disadvantages to Uterine Fibroid Embolisation (UFE) . Advantages: - Lower complication rate - No scar and no stitches - The uterus and ovaries are preserved - Much shorter hospital stay/recovery time - Long term success rate as good or better than major surgery Disadvantages: - Occasionally fibroids do not shrink sufficiently which may require another procedure - Infection can occur as with all medical procedures- Hormones can be affected by the procedure but in the vast majority of women, this is temporary. - The risk of early menopause after UFE is the same as for women who have had surgery. Hearing a bad report from the doctor or going through any procedure because you have fibroids can be extremely traumatic. The White Dress Project founded by Tanika Gray aims to support, educate and bring hope for women living with uterine fibroids. Get involved and do as much research as you can about Uterine Fibroids. 