One of two women who jumped from a block of flats in
Bellville to escape an inferno has died in hospital, the Western Cape health department
confirmed on Tuesday. The fire on Monday also claimed the life of 5-year-old Nabi
Mutoke, who burnt to death in one of the flats. Provincial health spokesperson Darren Francis said the woman
died on Monday night after numerous medical interventions proved unsuccessful. "We extend our condolences to her family during this
time of bereavement," he said. "The other female patient is in a stable condition and
her baby was discharged after medical staff were happy with the medical
observations carried out." Authorities previously said the women were rushed to nearby
Tygerberg Hospital and their conditions were critical. A video circulating on social media shows a woman on the
pavement being dragged away. A short while later, another woman is seen leaping
through the flames, landing on a mattress. A man sweeping glass and dirt away from his café entrance
said he had seen one of the women drop the baby down into the arms of a man on
the scene."The woman was too scared to jump. She only jumped when the
flames were on her," the man, who identified himself as Abdul, said. Johnson Njoroge, who worked at a furniture store on the
ground floor but had not been there at the time of the fire, said it was his
wife Ann who had come up with the idea to haul out their new mattresses to act
as padding. "My team had tried to give them stuff to jump
onto," he said. "One person had already jumped without anything on
the pavement." A resident told News24 on Monday how she and her family had
struggled through thick, black smoke to get down the stairwell after hearing
people screaming. City of Cape Town fire and rescue services spokesperson Theo
Layne said the cause of the fire was unclear. Police spokesperson Sergeant Noloyiso Rwexana said an
inquest into the 5-year-old boy's death had been opened. "Circumstances surrounding this incident are under
investigation." SOURCE: NEWS24