Ayabonga Ndai's evil deeds earned him a hefty jail sentence in the Bafokeng Regional Court in Tlhabane. The Provincial Commissioner of North West, Lieutenant General Baile Motswenyane welcomed the two life sentences and additional 206 years imprisonment that were handed down to Ndai. Ndai was sentenced on Friday for crimes ranging from attempted rape, house robbery, business robbery, armed robbery,  burglary to pointing of firearm that were committed between August 2010 and July 2013 in the policing areas of Rustenburg and Boitekong. In one of the incidents, the accused was sentenced to life and 15 years imprisonment after he robbed and raped a 38-year-old woman in Photsaneng village outside Rustenburg in 2012. " It was reported during the court proceedings that the victim was walking alone to work in the early hours when the accused confronted and threatened her with a knife. "The accused robbed her of her cell phone and cash before taking her to one of the yards in the village where he repeatedly raped her," said cops spokesman Captain Aafje Botma. He said Ndai’s evil deeds ended when the Rustenburg Family Violence, Child Protection and Sexual Offences Unit (FCS) apprehended him in Mfidikwe village with the assistance of members of the community. Following a thorough and responsive investigation, he was linked through DNA to 13 different cases. In order to secure the conviction, a total of 49 witnesses were assembled while all the scenes were attended to by the Local Criminal Record Centre (LCRC) officials. As part of the accused's modus operandi, he would monitor and target certain dwellings where men were often leaving their spouses alone to go to work. He would then force entry into the houses, raping the women before robbing them. In some instances where no one was found inside those houses, the accused would steal various property. The Provincial Commissioner commended the Investigating Officer, Captain Mokgatlhe, members of the community for their cooperation and all other role players including prosecution for their tireless efforts to ensure that the accused gets maximum sentence. She said that the sentence will not only send a clear message that the police will not hesitate to deal harshly with perpetrators, but also serve as an indication that strengthening of community centred approach to policing is significant in the fight against crime. Meanwhile, Molopo Regional Court in Mmabatho, sentenced Lebogang Mojela (35) last week to 26 years imprisonment for murder, attempted murder and assault common. The crimes were committed in November 2017 in Lomanyaneng. Upon sentencing the accused, the court declared him unfit to possess firearm in terms of Section 103 of the Firearms Control Act, 2000 (Act No. 60 of 2000). 