JOMO Cosmos boss Jomo Sono is watching the case of Ajax Cape Town versus the Premier Soccer League with huge vested interest. The PSL Exco, comprising Irvin Khoza, Kaizer Motaung, Stan Matthews, David Thidiela, Mato Madlala, Khumbulani Konco, Jose Ferreira and Rejoice Simelane, has convened an urgent meeting for tomorrow after Monday’s court ruling on Tendai Ndoro’s eligibility to play for Ajax last season. This protracted dispute has really thrown the league into a state of chaos. SunSport understands that Ajax chief executive Ari Efstathiou, a kingpin in the whole affair, has apparently been invited to attend the Exco meeting to help find an amicable solution to the matter. “I am very interested to hear what the outcome will be. I am a very interested party in the matter, so I cannot comment further,” said Sono. “However, our status has not changed and we are continuing our normal preparations in the NFD. We are hoping to get more information and details as the week progresses,” he added. After certain clubs lodged a protest over Ndoro’s eligibility to play, Ajax were docked points and as a result got relegated to the National First Division (NFD). But after reviewing the case following an appeal by Ajax, Judge Denise Fisher on Monday granted an ‘order declaring that the Urban Warriors finished in 15th place in the PSL table and an order declaring that the promotion play-offs are invalid’. Ezenkosi were involved in the three-team promotion play-offs. They finished second behind Black Leopards, while Platinum Stars ended last. Cosmos had finished their NFD campaign in third place and were hoping to get promotion to the PSL via the play-offs. The whole matter arose after Ndoro joined Ajax in the middle of last season. When the season started, he was on the books of Orlando Pirates before he left for Al-Faisaly in Saudi Arabia. He later joined the Urban Warriors, the third club he played for in one season – which is in breach of Fifa rules. The matter has gone back and forth in the courts for the last six months. In May, Advocate William Mokhari SC ruled that Ajax were guilty of breaching Safa and Fifa regulations relating to their fielding of Ndoro. Mokhari awarded the matches played by Ajax against Platinum Stars, Polokwane City and SuperSport United to those clubs with a 3-0 scoreline. Ajax were automatically relegated and Platinum Stars participated in the play-offs.