The City of Tshwane will next month experience a tantalizing extravaganza of culinary excellence. The Appetite Fest is set to be the country’s biggest food and beverage festival to date centered around five pillars: family, fun, food, festival and good vibes. The culinary and entertainment festival will bring together a host of local and international chefs under one roof to give patrons an experience like no other. “What we’re trying to do is create a completely immersive experience where people are going to be touched by things that they’ve either seen on TV, never had the opportunity to do, never had the opportunity to taste, never had the opportunity to experience, something for everybody,” said Time Square’s General Manager, Brett Hoppe. On offer will be a wide array of food and drinks to sample from the gin bar, sushi bar, champagne bar and even a kid’s culinary studio. Local and international food heroes, front-line vineyards, cheese makers, restaurants, and producers will showcase some of the best culinary offerings in the country. Patrons can also look forward to a wide range of exhibitors, craft brewers, artisan producers, premium drink brands and award-winning wineries who will offer a bounty of the country’s finest foods and drinks to test-taste and purchase. All the fun will go down at the Sun Arena in Time Square, Tshwane on 18 and 19 August 2018. Those in attendance will get their appetites fulfilled by the likes of MasterChef Australia judges Matt Preston, Gary Mehigan and George Calombaris, UK’s Michelin Star Chef, Vineet Bhatia, and local favourites, Sarah Graham, J’Something, Siba Mtongana, Chef Nti and many moreTshwane residents will also get to sample food by chefs from some their favourites Time Square eateries. “For the first year, we’re going to put the Appetite Fest together and as a team we’re going to deliver. We’re going to get the chefs working with all of these fantastic chefs that are coming in, experience, understand, and see how a demonstration has to work; all the background of what goes into it a demonstration. And then showcase a couple of the guys in a couple of the theatres, give them the platform to show off what it is that we do at Time Square. That’s the important part of the whole thing; we’re showcasing not just local and international chefs, we’re also showcasing what we have at Times Square and we’re showcasing the guys that we were able to progress and move through the kitchens,” said Time Square’s head chef, Adrian Vaughn. The fest will present themed, dedicated zones with entertainment and experiences for the ladies, guys and kids respectively. For the ladies think craft gin, champagne, pamper sessions, and sushi. For the guys think braai, bikes, and beer while watching the SA vs Argentina rugby game on the biggest screen in the southern hemisphere. Children will be safe and entertained in the access controlled and secure Kids Own zone with professional and caring child minders. Activities include jumping castles, jungle gyms, ball pit, face painting, children’s cooking theatre, coordination games and their very own kid’s food court. For the older crowd, there is Magic Company. A number of local comedians, DJs and bands will also be on hand to provide entertainment. Speaking at the media launch of the festival, Bryan O’Connor, the Food and Beverage Executive at Time Square said the Appetite Fest would re-awaken the food and hospitality sector in Tshwane. “It is will be a collaboration of entertainment, lifestyle and a food fair, a platform for our South African chefs to shine. There is an enormous amount of talent [in Mzansi] and there are so many incredible talents coming out of our kitchens. This is a platform to celebrate that talent and display it. We as a country can hold our own against the best in the world,” he said. Tickets to the Appetite Fest are available right now from Computicket. 