THE Port Elizabeth leg of the Engen Knockout Challenge delivered as promised this past weekend, as young players put their best foot forward in front of talent scouts and spectators. Apex United were crowned champions, edging Addo Football Academy 4-3 on penalties in the final after the match finished 1-1. Port Elizabeth Sundowns beat Bush Bucks in the third/fourth place play-off. Formed as recently as 2014, Apex bagged their maiden tournament victory despite starting the tournament with two goalless draws. They showed true grit, especially in the final, where they came from 1-0 down to win on penalties. Goalkeeper Reagan Steenberg played a starring role. Runners-up Addo, spearheaded by the Player of the Tournament Simnikiwe Mbonde, put on their best showing in the quarterfinals when they beat host club Glenville Celtic 5-1. The Gelvandale area is famous for producing Bafana Bafana stars such as Daine Klate, Elrio van Heerden and Ronwen Williams. Current SuperSport United youngsters Khanyisa Mayo – son of former Kaizer Chiefs star Patrick Mayo – and Denwin Farmer also hail from the area. Klate, South Africa’s most decorated footballer with six PSL championship medals and eight other domestic trophies, lauded the sponsors for giving the youngsters a platform to showcase their talent. “We used to live at these fields. We used to come here and play for the schools and clubs every weekend,” said Klate. “Such opportunities are very important and the Knockout Challenge creates the opportunity for scouts to discover this talent. “The coach that took me to SuperSport (Kwanele Kopo) was here, so too was Mandla Mazibuko for the School of Excellence and Bafana July on behalf of Wits. “The players then have a chance to be placed at proper institutions and to get into academies. “This is the age group that will feed the MultiChoice Diski Challenge teams, which is important.” The tournament now proceeds to Durban from 13-15 July before moving to the City of Roses, Bloemfontein, from 20-22 July and eventually to Joburg from 27-29 July.