FOR the past eight weeks, Daily Kick, a Free
Data Lite Soccer and News app, has partnered with soccer coach Gordon Igesund
and Grassroots organisation to train township kids at the Football for Home
Centre in Khayelitsha, Cape Town. On Saturday, the Daily Kick training program ended in a
soccer match between the Khayelitsha team and Igesund’s own team, to put their
newly learnt skills to the test. Igesund acknowledged that the team has lots of
talent that need to be tapped into. “It’s been a great vibe here with the kids,
and there is a lot of talent in this area that needs to be tapped into, that
needs to be identified and then you create an opportunity for them whether with
a Premier League team or a First Division team. I think it’s important to give
these young boys some hope, so that they will know that there are people who
care about them and we do care about them,” said Igesund.  Daily Kick representative Khanyisa Guga said: “Daily Kick
took the lead by partnering with  Grassroots to identify a disadvantaged soccer team
in the community and approached Gordon Igesund, to provide world class soccer
training to those who stand to benefit most, the soccer stars of the future”
she said. Khanyisa said they specifically targeted kids under 12 years
old, as they are still young and find it easier
to learn new skills.  The team selected was Ubukhumkani FC, coached by
pastor Thembinkosi “Terror” Hena. Hena said he gained a lot from the Daily Kick
sponsorship. All he knew before the experience with Gordon Igesund was to teach
the kids how to kick the ball. “I told my boys that this guy was the coach of
Bafana Bafana, Pirates, Moroka Swallows, SuperSport United and many other
teams and the boys were impressed!” said Hena. Hena said through the Daily Kick partnership with Gordon he
received a “format” of professional coaching, as he used to use “ekasi
methods”. “The boys are very blessed to have him as their coach for these
weeks. Now they know how to pass the ball, how to dribble and how to trap people
offside. “The problem that the boys have before is that if they get
the ball they want to dribble to everyone,” said Hena. He said that kind of
playing “is not football” as one needs to play with others. “If you pass you
are serving someone and if you serve you have to serve right,” he said.  Siphiwe Magidi (11) a grade 5 pupil at Luleka Primary School
in Khayelitsha said he was honoured to have Gordon coaching him. “When I heard
that he was a Bafana Bafana coach I was happy. He taught us that whenever you
get a ball you don’t need to dribble past many people, but to look at your
teammate and pass the ball. You cannot pass while looking down,” he said.
Siphiwe said they were also taught not to smoke as they will affect their
soccer careers. Anita Bhelesi (12) said of the Daily Kick training, “When
Gordon Igesund leaves us I would follow everything that he taught me and I want
to play for Orlando Pirates when I grow up.” Keep an eye out for these talented young players - they are
the South African soccer stars of the future! Get
the Daily Kick soccer app for all your soccer news and live scoring.