Fashion, beauty and lifestyle blogger, model and style guru, Melody Molale is known for her flawless beauty, trendsetting style and of course, always serving the best looks. She first burst onto the scene with her now very popular fashion blog, but the online sensation is has now expanded her brand to a holistic beauty and lifestyle one-stop shop. Having recently collaborated with renowned hair-care brand, TRESemmé and now being announced as the face of Ponds’ new Flawless Radiance Derma+ range this week, the girl is definitely stepping up her beauty game. The Daily Sun caught up with her at the recent Project Runway SA launch party in Tshwane where she shared her hair tips as well as what she’ll be doing with her hair this coming summer. The blogger was very open about her hair journey, sharing that she was never allowed to wear weaves while growing up. “I wasn’t allowed to have a weave up until I got to varsity. My parents wouldn’t buy me a weave. So when I got to varsity I was a weave girl and got my hair did,” she began. But she soon found out that weaves weren’t always the best hair choice for her. “The thing with weaves is that it takes time to apply and it can damage your hair very much. So for me, wigs became a matter of convenience. Wigs are very convenience and they go with your mood. If I feel like short hair today, or long hair tomorrow, you can do it. You take it off when you get home and the next day you put it on. I don’t have to sit down at the salon for hours. It’s also versatile, it’s quick,” she said. Melody says that wigs are now her go-to hair choice because the great thing about them, unlike weaves, is that they do not tie you down to one specific style. Wigs give you the ultimate freedom to change your hair as much as you want, every single day if you can afford them. She is so committed to her hair that she centers her entire outfit around her choice of wig. “I wear wigs all the time and I pick my wig first and then my outfit. Hair is very important. I believe that a woman’s hair is her crown. If your hair is beautiful whether it’s short, natural or a wig, you immediately exude confidents. So it is very important for women and men to take care of their hair,” she said. But wearing a wig does not mean that you get to abandon what’s underneath. In fact, Melody says that the biggest mistake a lot of women make, is not to take care of their natural hair as often as they would if they weren’t wearing wigs. “Wigs are a protective layer but take care of your natural hair, make sure that it is healthy and moisturized,” she said. So what will Melody do with her hair this summer? Colour, and lots of it. “I want colour this coming summer. I want to play around with crazy colours like pinks, purples, and reds, just play around with colour. I don’t want to shy away from colour. Most of the time I have black or maybe a bit of blonde or highlights but this summer I want colour,” she said. She went on to say that women should not be concerned with having their hair colour match every single one of their outfits because, thankfully, gone are those days. The trick though, will be to get your wig or weaves coloured by a professional hair stylist and using quality hair-colour products. “Sometimes you’ll want platinum blond but that’s not what comes out, it comes out yellowish. Make sure that you use the right colour and take it to people that can professionally do it. If not, go onto YouTube and learn,” she advices. “I also think that confidence can pull off any hair type, especially with colour. Everyone can rock whatever it is that they wish to, if you wear it with confidence, no one can tell you anything,” she continued. Finally, Melody says everyone should be stealing some hair inspiration from her favourite local hair queens, LootLove, Bonang Matheba and Lerato Kganyago. Check out some other hair inspirations from the Project Runway launch party:  