FORMER Mzansi president Jacob Zuma has been invited to a nation
building prayer against crime in Kwazulu-Natal. Bishop TB Ngcobo of
the National Interfaith Council of South Africa(NICSA), said his organisation has invited the former President and Minority Front leader Shameen Thakur-Rajbansi
to join the prayers. NICSA is known for backing Zuma at his court appearances. He said the choice of these leaders were informed by the
roles they have played in advancing social cohesion in the province. "Both leaders will visit the spot and put
flowers  where 9-year-old Sadia Sukraj
was killed during an attempt to steal a car she was in. All religions, races
and community leaders and society must stand firm and say crime must not happen
on our watch," said Ngcobo. The bishop said that NICSA, as a champion of Moral
Regeneration and Social Cohesion, has responded positively to the call made by
KwaZulu-Natal Premier, Willies Mchunu for a Nation Building Prayer. Ngcobo said church
leaders affiliated to NICSA will use the month of July (also known as men's
month), to hold prayer road shows in which people of all races and creed will
come together to pray for peace and unity. The specific focus of these prayer events will be on the
fight against all kinds of crimes. Ngcobo said the prayer events will be taken to various
areas throughout the KwaZulu-Natal province. They will serve as a platform to call for devine
intervention against the scourge of crime. Both prayers will be held at the  Christian Charismata International Ministry in
Phoenix Durban on 14  July at 14:00 and
the second prayer at Chartsworth Youth Center on the 21 July at 14:00. "This prayer also seeks to bridge racial divides in
communities. Both areas of Chastworth and Phoenix have a high proliferation of
drugs and this has been found to have a correlation to high levels of crime in
these areas, " said Ngcobo. Church leaders will hold a press briefing on Thursday to
provide details about the plans of the above prayers. 