KAIZER Chiefs defender Daniel Cardoso says their fans should not read too much into the team’s poor pre-season performance. Amakhosi have suffered two successive defeats, first to Mamelodi Sundowns (2-1) in the Shell Helix Ultra Cup a fortnight ago, then to Benni McCarthy’s Cape Town City (1-0) in the Mpumalanga Cultural Xperience Cup at Mbombela Stadium at the weekend. The results have left their fans worried ahead of the start of new Absa Premiership season. But Cardoso revealed they have a new plan up their sleeves to bring their A-game in their opening league match against rivals Downs at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday (3pm). “Playing these types of games in the pre-season is important. It gives us a chance to see where we stand and where we need to improve,” said the 29-year-old player. However, Cardoso admitted that strikers must also take responsibility in front of goal to turn their fortunes around this season. Chiefs have now gone three years without a trophy. “We need to change the way we play and be more positive. We played more defensively and invited pressure. We need to start playing Chiefs’ attacking style. “We have a few positions we need to improve. We also need to start taking our chances.” He added:” We wanted to win but it was not to be. It hurt us as much as it did our fans. We know the fans are starting to look at these pre-season results. But I am sure we will surprise them when the season starts. “We are playing Sundowns, which will be good for us.” It remains to be seen if the Soweto giants will have their new head coach Giovanni Solinas on the bench against the Brazilians. The former Free State Stars head coach has yet to work with the team as he is still waiting for his work permit from the Department of Home Affairs. Solinas replaced Steve Komphela, who resigned last season due to pressure from the hard-to-please fans. Former Chiefs captain Patrick Mabedi has been in charge of the team. But Cardoso has full confidence in the 50-year-old Italian mentor. “He is a great coach and I am sure he will change things when the season starts,” said Cardoso. “We would have loved to work with him in the pre-season but it did not work out.”