TLAMELO Molotsi harbours aspirations of earning a Proteas call-up one day. Like many hopefuls at the 2018 Spar National Netball Championships, the Royal Bafokeng goal-shooter aims to impress the national selectors and become the first player from her district to be recognised at the highest level. Both the Royal Bafokeng and the SA National Defence Force team are in the tournament as Netball South Africa (NSA) associate members. But the reality is that Molotsi is only at the foothills of the mountain she has to scale to reach the very top. Breaking into the national team dominated by stars such as Chrisna van Zyl, Precious Mthembu, Shadine van der Merwe and Bongiwe Msomi is by no means an easy feat. “It’s not impossible but it is really tough,” said Molotsi. “You can see with the dominance of teams from Tshwane and the Western Cape in the championships. The competition is tough and it’s even tougher for teams without the resources to recruit trainers from outside the province.” Molotsi is a third-year student at the North West University and also plays for University Sports South Africa (USSA). She has to juggle her schoolwork and netball, the sport she fell in love with during her primary school days in Mahikeng. The 23-year-old reflects on the challenges faced by many players outside the urban areas and cities such as Tshwane, Cape Town and Joburg who hope to reach new frontiers. Illustrating this point, Sarah Baartman District suffered the tournament’s biggest loss so far, going down 113-13 to the Tshwane A side. It’s a situation which has Tshwane coach Jenny van Dyk more concerned than excited. The gulf in class between the districts is massive and players from the lower Mpumalanga districts, such as Ehlanzeni, Gert Sibande and Ekangala, have little to no chance of getting even a mere glance from the selectors. Teams from Dr Kenneth Kaunda, Nelson Mandela Bay, West Coast and Mangaung Metro have held their own against the big guns. However, many matches are mostly one-sided. The influential Molotsi believes they won’t go home empty-handed. “It’s demoralising for anyone to lose by huge margins,” she said. “But we are still in the tournament. We are trying to get a medal for third spot. We’ve come very far from the North West, we can’t go back empty-handed. Hopefully one of our players makes it into the Team of the Tournament.”