WE will meet in the Soweto Derby! So says new Orlando Pirates goalie Brilliant Khuzwayo, as he throws down the gauntlet to now adversary, Itumeleng Khune. For three seasons, Khuzwayo has lurked in Khune’s shadow, working unsuccessfully to knock the country’s best goalkeeper off his perch at Kaizer Chiefs. The two shot-stoppers remain close friends, more like bosom buddies, having spent five solid years working under several goalkeeper coaches at Amakhosi. “We’re very close.We always talk, even advice one another. It was a healthy competition between two goalkeepers. We’ll meet in the derby,” said Khuzwayo. The switch to the Soweto rivals offers the 28-year-old the best chance to increase his playing opportunities. and remind many of his undoubted qualities. “I have a lot to offer. I’ve got too much confidence in myself, with too much respect, of course,” said Khuzwayo. “You’ve got to have an ego as a player. There’s the iPhone and the Samsung. If people don’t like the first one, they go for the other. “But let’s see how the season goes. Let’s see who ends the season as the number one keeper for Bafana Bafana.” Khuzwayo admits it wasn’t an easy decision to quit Amakhosi, hence he had to seek the chairman’s blessings. “I had to sit down with my family and with those I regard as my support system,” he said. Obviously, I spent a long time at Chiefs. But if you see that your tree is not growing on a particular soil, you need to find a new soil where it can grow bigger.” The 28-year-old, however is under no illusion about the challenge he faces from the other three Bucs keepers, he regards as equally exceptional. He doesn’t expect a plain sail into the starting team. He reasons that both Wayne Sandilands, Siyabonga Mpontshane and Jackson Mabokgwane have all been part of the Bafana set-up at various stages and are just as good to claim the number one spot. He says his biggest competition is himself., adding nobody has never died of hard work. “The main priority is Orlando Pirates. I’m not looking at other things. I’m focused on helping the team do well, win trophies. Given a chance, I’ll grab it with both hands,” he said. “Anything that goes on outside of that is none of my business. I’m a professional footballer and I must behave professionally. As I said, let’s see how the season goes.”