THULAMELA Municipality mayor, Avhashoni Tshifhango, has moved swiftly to assure the Premier Soccer League (PSL), Black Leopards management and the fans that Thohoyandou Stadium will be ready in time for the 2018-19 Absa Premiership season kick-off on 3 August. Tshifhango spoke to SunSport during his stadium visit yesterday as he inspected and received an update on renovation progress at the stadium that will host all Lidoda Duvha’s home matches. “The PSL can come and check now, we are ready and have done just about everything that needed to be done,” said Tshifhango. “Everyone is committed and wants to make sure we meet the PSL deadline. It will mean a lot for Leopards to play all their home matches here at home. That is the reason why we ensured that all work is done well and meets the PSL deadline for inspections. “Football fans shouldn’t worry about anything, everything is going well and Leopards will be playing here.” The PSL inspection team that assessed the stadium two months ago were concerned about the dressing-rooms, fan security, media area, the pitch, floodlights for night games, toilets for all sexes and entrance turnstiles to the stadium. Following that report, the PSL ordered the municipality to upgrade the stadium to meet Fifa requirements before permission could be granted to use the facility for the 2018-19 season. And Tshifhango is happy with the job his municipality has been doing before the 24 July deadline. Said an excited Tshifhango: “Lights are working properly now and we have no doubt that they will not give us any problems at night games in future. We have also increased the number of toilets for the fans and they are in proper working condition. “We have expanded the entrance to PSL standards, while the pitch will be ready by 24 July. The change-rooms are almost done. Even the medical room is ready. We also built a doping room.” Tshifhango applauded Vhembe residents who volunteered to help with the upgrades to the stadium, while others painted the grandstands.