AMAJITA will take the bull by its horns this weekend when they face the challenging task of getting past Malawi’s Under-20 side in their 2019 Africa Under-20 Cup of Nations qualifier at home on Sunday. This third round, first leg clash will be a test of character for Thabo Senong’s charges who were unable to beat Zambia in a friendly this past weekend and had to settle for a 3-3 draw instead. The only thing that Senong can take from this clash is that they can score, but defensively there is still more work to do, as well as working on players’ concentration levels. Senong said Sunday’s friendly in Zambia was used as a barometer to gauge player fitness and analyse their “mental toughness” and “concentration”. He said when opting to play Zambia he had it in mind to assess his players’ strengths and weaknesses in a realistic setting. “When we started organising this match we said we wanted some information about our players – on their physical levels and their chemistry.” Senong is relieved that they will have a full five days to prepare for the Malawi match which will be played at Rustenburg’s Moruleng Stadium, where they expect locals to rally behind them in numbers. Zambia, too, will have appreciated the run-out in friendly, as they host Burundi on Saturday. Senong said they would tread carefully against the Blantyre boys, who scored five goals home and away against Angola during the second round of qualifiers. “Malawi are a very tough team,” said the coach. “We did a goal analysis when they scored five goals against Angola. They’re not an easy team to beat. But of course they are worried about us too. “We must be concerned enough to do well against them in the first leg at home.” Senong, a top contender for the job of Bafana Bafana head coach in future, was happy to declare that they managed to get what they were after out of the Zambia friendly. He added: “I am happy with what we got out of the Zambia friendly. We just wanted to gain some information and see different combinations in action.” He is happy with the performance of Khanyisile Mayo and said he wanted to see what impact Mayo had on a game. The same applies for Keenan Abrahams. “We have identified a few combinations,” he said. “We always need tactical variation so that we can surprise the opposition. We, the technical team, are happy to see some tactical surprises and variations that can work for us going forward. “The friendly against Zambia was good preparation for the Malawi match. “We have a week before the match. We need to make sure that we work with the boys and ensure we sharpen them well.” The Zambia clash gave Amajita the opportunity to work on their mental toughness, attitude and the team spirit. Said Senong: “Now I’ve seen that they understand the importance of playing international football. “They know now that it is all about concentrating for 90 minutes, giving everything, being tactical and playing winning football. “We will always try to play to win. We normally focus on our performance to make sure that all the boxes are ticked.”