THESE squatters waited patiently to get electricity in their area. But now the people of Jeffsville sqautter camp in Atteridgeville, Tshwane, are targeted by izinyoka. Some even long for the days when they had no power, saying back then they did not have to worry about their kids’ safety. Live electrical wires are hanging everywhere, posing a danger to the residents, especially kids. The cables have to be lifted when bakery deliveries, ambulances and buses come to the kasi. Parents are on the alert the whole day guarding their children, while those who like walking while busy on their cellphones might just trip and fall. Residents claim the izinyoka often go about their business without problems and do not even need ladders to steal electricity. Frans Moyaha (41) said even though the kasi committee and residents tried to stop the izinyoka and reported the matter to the City of Tshwane and their councillor, nothing happened. He told Daily Sun the cables were a death trap for residents. He said the joy they felt when electricity was installed in their kasi had turned to sorrow. “Our children are always at the creche. If they want to play in the streets, they have to be watched by an adult. “When we call an ambulance at night, people have to escort it to lift the cables so that it can pass,” he said. He claimed the councillor had been avoiding residents since they reported the matter to him. “We have been waiting for our councillor for four months. I think we might see him before next year’s election,” he said. Another resident, Mahlalela Rallele (48), said she missed the days when they had no electricity. “When we had no power our kids were able to play freely. “The City should come and take back their electricity,” she said. Councillor Solomon Sedibeng said he had reported the matter to the City. He told the People’s Paper he was waiting for officials to come and assist Jeffsville residents. “The City told me they are waiting to get assistance from the Metro police because sometimes residents threaten and attack municipal workers,” said Sedibeng.