 SINCE MONDAY, they have braved the coldest weather of the year to get their Sassa money. But instead of any cash, they’re getting excuses and promises. THE OLD, THE DISABLED AND THE CHILDREN WERE TOLD: BE PATIENT! People who depend on social grants were left stranded this week because many couldn’t get any money using their new Sassa cards. Not only did they want to know where there money was, they also wanted to know why they weren’t informed. “If they had told us there was a problem, we would have stayed at home until the problem was fixed,” said a pensioner from Soshanguve, Tshwane. But nobody informed them and they waited in vain. The experience of 71-year-old Elizabeth Kgosana Mohlakeng, Rand West City, Gauteng was not unusual. After her card was declined at Shoprite she was told to visit the Randfontein Post Office. “When I got there, they said there was no money for Sassa recipients,” she said. Joseph Duiker (74) from Toekomsrus on the West Rand said when he went to the post office, he was told the system was offline and there was nothing they could do. In Rustenburg, desperate elders waited the whole day on Monday to find out why they couldn’t withdraw money at ATMs with their new cards. In KZN, Phumzile Ntshangase (33) from KwaMashu said her card was declined when she tried to withdraw her 11-year-old daughter’s grant money. Margaret Matomela (62) from Kamvelihle, Port Elizabeth said she had been trying to get answers since Monday. “For the past three days, I have been going to bed on an empty stomach,” she said. Zonile Mayekiso (72) from Motherwell said no one had even bothered to offer an explanation. “Next year, they will come for our votes but no one is coming door to door to explain this crisis to us,” she said. Pensioners in Soshanguve, Tshwane were also left angry and disappointed yesterday when their grant money was not deposited to their new post office cards. They said they were shocked that they could not draw any funds. The elderly queued for hours hoping for a miracle but in the end they went home empty-handed. Albert Mangae (73) said he used his last cents to get to the post office. “I live far away and I’m too old to walk home,” he said. The pensioners said had they known they would encounter such problems they would have stayed at home until the problem was fixed. Acting Sassa CEO, Abraham Mahlangu, said he has noted the challenges experienced by grant beneficiaries. “This is as a result of changing from the old to the new payment system,” he said. “Sassa is also in the process of phasing out Cash Paymaster Services and introducing the South African Post Office to pay social grants,” he said. “We assure beneficiaries that their social grants will be paid. In fact, the funds are already in their accounts.” But he said beneficiaries should wait at least three days before withdrawing funds. Sassa asked beneficiaries who access their funds through ATMs to pick the savings account option when withdrawing their money. If this was rejected, then the cheque account option should be selected. In May, Social Development Minister Susan Shabangu said they had a contingency plan in place, saying beneficiaries would receive their payments on time. “There will not be disruptions of any sort,” she said then.