Digital radio station, Touch HD is allegedly seeing red when it comes to their finances. Several rumours have been doing the rounds claiming that the station, founded by radio veteran, TBo Touch is experiencing some financial problems which have led to the axing of some presenters. City Press reported over the past weekend, that on-air presenters were told to find their own sponsors for their shows or face the boot. According to sources who spoke to the publication, Touch is exploiting his employees in a bid to keep as much of the revenue for himself and that things are so bad that on-air personalities don’t even earn a basic salary. “The [hosts] were told they will get 35% of whatever amount is agreed upon and the rest will go to the station – this is exploitation. The only shows that aren’t affected are breakfast and afternoon drive because they have secured their own sponsors,” a source told the publication. “Touch HD had a potential to succeed because it had the perfect business model. The problem is that [Tbo Touch] doesn’t know how to manage people. Working at Touch HD was toxic,” a former employee said. Meanwhile, Touch has denied these allegations, claiming that his business is doing so well that he is now launching a new video-on-demand service called THD. “How am I battling when I am launching THD later this year? Just because some people are not part of a new business model, it doesn’t mean Touch HD is struggling. Like any business, if you don’t bring value within the company, you will not be considered on their new business model. When I was working for the SABC, after every six months, as freelancers we would go to performance evaluation. After that I would make sure I pull up my socks to bring more advertising on my show, hence I was always on my A-game,” Touch responded to the paper. THD is set to launch in October this year and according to several media reports, the project will cost around R42 million. Thembisa Mdoda, Nina Hastie and DJ Carpo are among the popular personalities who have departed from Touch HD. 