IT Is national savings month so we let’s look at where we can save while not ignoring the nutrition of the food we eat. There is a belief that eating healthier is expensive but the truth is that eating more healthily is more affordable than you think. Renny Letswalo, health coach and managing director of Cambridge Weight Plan in southern Africa, said: “While a frozen pizza costs less than grilled salmon steaks topped with vegetables, there are long-term implications and costs of eating too much pizza over a year.” There may be short-term savings but you risk obesity, diabetes or other illnesses. You can cook healthy food at lower cost but this needs planning and preparation. Start cooking What’s key to eating healthily on a budget is to start cooking. Preparing your own meals is linked to higher quality and lower food costs. Eating out costs more and is a lower quality diet. Plan your meals and use lists when grocery shopping so you only buy what you need. Buy food that’s in season Fruit and vegetables that are in season are usually at their most tasty, nutritious and affordable. Local produce costs less – also buying from your local market saves money and supports the local economy. Buy whole ingredients Instead of buying separate chicken wings or breasts, buy a whole chicken and make many different meals. Plant your own Vegetable and fruit planting is not as difficult as it seems. A small patch of land can produce all the greens you need to eat. With some creativity, you can grow your vegetables as pot plants. You not only save money but gardening is an excellent form of therapy. Frozen is just as good Another myth is that frozen produce doesn’t contain as many nutrients as fresh but that’s untrue. Freeze excess fresh produce to use later. Frozen food is more economical as you also prevent waste. Avoid processed foods Avoid processed food that is packaged or canned. If you must buy processed, select those with fewer ingredients so you are clear about what you are eating. Not only is healthy food more accessible but it’s often healthier and more affordable than the processed versions. Even where eating healthily is more expensive, the health costs associated with eating a poorer diet of processed foods over years beats the short-term savings of a cheaper diet.”