WHEN Sinenhlanhla Mthethwa enrolled for a chemical engineering course at the beginning of the year, she felt like she was on the journey towards her dream. But a few months later it all came crashing down. This after she discovered the FET college she had enrolled at wasn’t accredited to offer the course. The 22-year-old from the Bluff in Durban said she decided to drop out and now wants eThekwini City FET College to pay back her money. “I paid R500 for registration and R6 900 for the course. “When we started our classes in March there was no problem. “We then wrote our first exams in April and then closed for holidays,” said Sinenhlanhla. She said she was supposed to get her results during the holidays but never did. After more days passed, she called the college to inquire. “They told me the department of higher education had not released the results to the school. “I was confused because other students who were doing other courses had already received their results.” She then called Umalusi (the council for quality assurance in general and further education and training) to ask about her results. “They told me the college wasn’t accredited to offer chemical engineering. I’m so angry because I’ve wasted my time and money. “I communicated with the college in June regarding the response I got from Umalusi and they asked me to send emails but until today they haven’t responded to me,” she said. Umalusi spokesman Lucky Ditaunyane confirmed to Daily Sun that the college wan’t accredited to offer engineering studies. “The college went through the accreditation process but didn’t meet the requirements for accreditation. “It’s likely to be blocked from registering students for the course,” said Ditaunyane. Daily Sun sent an email to the college on Monday but they didn’t reply. Yesterday the paper phoned the college. The person who answered refused to give his name and said: “I’m one of the college managers but I won’t answer your email until you come to my office.” He then put the phone down.