PERCY Tau’s pending move to English Premier League side Brighton & Hove Albion seems to have hit a snag. SunSport has reliably learnt that the PSL Footballer of the Year has yet to receive the vital invitation letter from the Seagulls so he can apply for his visa to travel to England for medicals. Brighton are believed to have made Downs a lucrative offer for the 24-year-old player’s services, said to be about R50 million. Explained the source: “No one from Brighton has requested Tau’s passport and the EPL starts in three weeks’ time. If the deal goes through this means he won’t have enough time to do pre-season training with the club. They will need more time to obtain his work permit, which might be another stumbling block for him to start his career in Europe.” According to a source close to the player, Tau’s agent, Matsatsi Sefalafala, has apparently approached Downs management so that her client could rejoin the Chloorkop club for another season until these matters are sorted out. Explained another source: “His agent approached management since she had foreseen the deal not materialising.” Sefalafala told SunSport she would only comment when the time was right. Downs’ legal and commercial manager Yogesh Singh confirmed that Tau is still waiting for an invitation letter. Said Singh: “Percy is still in the country waiting for the letter so that he can apply for a visa.” Brighton have refused to be drawn on the latest developments, as is club policy. But they confirmed negotiations are still ongoing, despite reports that both clubs have already agreed in principle. Brightonspokesman Paul Camillin told SunSport yesterday: “The club cannot comment on any transfers or negotiations until any transfer is completed.” Brighton are currently in camp preparing for the season, while Tau wiles away the time at home after going AWOL from Downs in an attempt to get his proposed move accepted by club boss Patrice Motsepe and coach Pitso Mosimane. It was always expected that the PSL Player of the Season would not be with Downs in Togo for yesterday’s Caf Champions League assignment.