Mzansi’s favourite crime-fighting duo, musicians Kabelo Mabalane and Danny K have once again proven their undying commitment to giving back to our society. The musicians, who together established the Shout Foundation, have now taken a different route in their charitable work, raising over R7million in donations for Shout S.E.E.D Libraries. The initiative, now in its fourth year, aims to plant a seed of education and knowledge in underprivileged communities by donating as many libraries as it can. According to the foundation, the Schools Extended Education Device (S.E.E.D) Libraries programme is in line with its original mandate of crime prevention. Speaking to the Daily Sun, Danny K said that the initiative serves a bigger purpose than just getting young children to read; it helps to build knowledge, create opportunities and eventually, it will see a reduction in crime.  “When we began we donated a lot of funds that we had raised to crime prevention strategies and other NGOs. They ranged from prisoner rehabilitation, to supporting the police (donating equipment), to projects around gang violence prevention and it was all very crime-focused.“We did this for about 3 or 4 years and we really started gaining an understanding of the precursors to crime and one of the glaringly obvious factors was a lack of education or lack of opportunity that criminals have,” said Danny K. “Through our research partners we decided that the best strategy would be to start at the primary school level and really at the genesis of a maybe a potential future criminal’s life; get them on the right/better path. It is a more long-term vision and strategy because it’s going to take many years to come to the realization that that kid is a good, functioning member of society. It starts, for us, with picking up a book, learning how to read, passing your grade, passing high school, and going to a tertiary [institution]. So that was the strategy behind education and libraries at primary schools,” he continued. Shout, together with its network of corporate sponsors, has already donated nine libraries to schools around South Africa, with the 10th due to open on international Nelson Mandela Day next week. Since the establishment of the initiative, Shout has partnered with several brands to help them raise enough funds for each library. Their collaboration with Network BBDO saw them raise over R1.6M which opened five libraries in Mitchells Plain, Soweto, Phalaborwa, Kuruman and Alexandra.  They then went on to work with Network BBDO, Breadline SA and Brand SA to raise over R2M and then a further R1.47M donation. Their most recent partnership with burger giant, Steers garnered a R2.53M donation through fundraising initiatives which helped them open a further four libraries. They have now raised over R7.16M, an accomplishment that Danny admits was easier than he thought it would be. “A lot of the corporate sponsors are very in-tune with the power of education. It was a lot harder for us to raise money for the anti-crime initiatives we were doing than it was for these libraries. So the fact that we’ve good a blue print now; we’ve got 10 libraries, we’ve got proven data that shows the impact investment on the community. We show these to corporates and say ‘we’ve got a solution here, all we need is the money and nothing more, and we’ll do everything else,” he said. Their partnership with Steers was initially meant to be a once-off fund-raising campaign but the success of the project inspired both parties to continue the work through the establishment of the Rounda Foundation. “Initially it was a once-off, where we run a Shout burger promotion in 2016 and we had Danny K and Kabelo appearing in our TV ad and we donated R2 off every burger sold. But as we got involved with the Shout foundation, I absolutely believed that this something I don’t want to do just as a once off. So what we’ve just launched at the beginning of this month was something called the Rounda foundation,” said Steers Marketing Executive, Adolf Fourie. Rounda is a non-governmental regulatory system that is supported by a board of trustees of the Nikela Trust that include the Cyril Ramaphosa Foundation, the Nelson Mandela Foundation, the Patrice Motsepe Foundation, and the government. Rounda believes in the importance of being actively involved in ensuring that South Africans assist in lightening the financial burdens that NGOs and charities often have to carry.  “What it is doing is asking for corporates and business to come on board and make it easy for every South African to contribute. At this stage, all we are asking is that every time you go into a Steers, just give R1,” said Adolf. It was with the help of Rounda, that Shout and Steers have been able to raise over R2M for the libraries which thus far are in Mitchells Plain, Soweto, Phalaborwa, Kuruman, Alexandra, Thembisa, Bushbuckridge, and Motherwell. “Our collaboration with Steers led to four libraries being built; that was a project that resulted in a R2M fund-raising goal and all of that money went to building libraries. Our libraries cost us between R600k - R800k per library. They are special buildings; they’re not done on the cheap, they really are fitted out beautifully and we stand by that commitment,” said Danny K. The foundation goes beyond just opening the libraries, but also take actives measures in ensuring that the learners have frequent access to them during school hours. Each school has entered into a legal agreement with Shout to guarantee weekly access to the libraries through a compulsory time-tabled school library period and the opportunity to take books home. Shout has also partnered with provincial, not-for-profit literacy development organizations who can be on-site and monitor whether learners visit the library during the allocated times. These partnerships also help solve problems quickly when they arise. To date, S.E.E.D libraries have reached over 10 000 pupils across the country who previously had no access to such facilities. 23 000 “age-appropriate” books have been donated to libraries in each of the nine schools. The project hopes that by ensuring regular access to age-appropriate and contextually suitable literacy materials, reading will, within reason, become embedded in learners’ daily school experience and this in turn, will stimulate a love for reading that will seed a life-long capacity to access information and stimulate independent learning. “It is nothing short of the most wonderful and the most incredible feeling for us. We (myself, Kabelo, and the board of Shout) make a point of going to every single one of these openings personally. We cut the ribbon with the principle and the students and we see firsthand the sense of gratitude from the faculty, from the school, from the kids. You take for granted, the simple privilege of being able to go into a facility and get a book, and read it. It’s like a superstar arriving to perform a song,” said Danny K. “Kabelo and myself grew up watching celebrities and famous people achieve a level of success and then give back. So we are conscious that doing this will hopefully inspire the young stars of today. For us it is very important to lead from the front; it’s not only about using your power to sell CDs or to [promote] shows,” he continued.