AJAX CAPE TOWN have learnt a bitter lesson and finally accepted life in the National First Division (NFD). On Thursday, Ajax shocked many when they withdrew their application to interdict the start of the upcoming Absa Premiership season, as well as their Section 18 application that would reinstate judge Fischer’s judgment pending the outcome of the appeal. Ajax CEO Ari Efstathiou called a press conference at their headquarters at Ikamva, in Parow, on Friday. Efstathiou confirmed they have accepted the standing William Mokhari ruling that saw them automatically relegated after being docked points in May for fielding ineligible striker Tendai Ndoro. At the press conference, the club also explained that their withdrawal from both applications were prompted by Judge Fischer granting the Premier Soccer League (PSL) leave to appeal, as that derailed their arguments in the respective hearings. “We’re forced to take our place in the NFD, unless something happens during the appeal process,” Efstathiou told reporters. He also confirmed that coach Muhsin Ertugral would remain with the club as they go down, but there would be changes taking place in other structures. Efstathiou said: “Muhsin is staying, he’s committed. It’s important for us because, obviously, he came midway through the campaign, in the second part of the season and continuity is important for us. “You can imagine that financially it’s quite a strain for us, but we think it’s important if our intentions are to bounce back immediately. “Muhsin has committed himself to the club for this year.” The experienced Turkish-born mentor joined Ajax in December, taking over from Dutch-born Stanley Menzo. The Urban Warriors will be hoping to follow in the footsteps of Highlands Park, Golden Arrows and Jomo Cosmos, who spent just one season in the lower league after being relegated. The NFD fixtures have not been officially released by the PSL. The Cape Town-based outfit are now preparing for life in the NFD as they wait for the fixtures to be announced. Ajax will join fellow Capetonians Ubuntu Cape Town FC and Stellenbosch FC, who are campaigning in the NFD. The last team from Cape Town to be relegated from PSL was Santos in 2012 and they failed to bounce back, instead they dropped to the ABC Motsepe League.