AS EVERY mother knows, two months is a long time to wait for news about your son on the mountain. But for parents in Mpumalanga, the news was all good. It was everything they were hoping for. THEIR SONS ARE HEALTHY, THEY ARE STRONG AND THEY ARE MEN! There was ululation and celebration at Chief Solly Nkwana’s home in Mandela Village, near Kwamhlanga, Mpumalanga on Saturday morning. This was because 90 boys who left the comfort of their homes two months ago returned from the mountain as young men. “I don’t want to hear that you beat and kill women. Real men don’t do that!” said the chief. “I need you to offer the kind of respect to women that you showed me while you were on the mountain.” The chief reminded them that they didn’t graduate to become criminals or drug addicts. “If you left your job and went to the mountain I urge you to go back to work. If you were at school I urge you to go back to school. We need educated men in our community,” he said. “You must also help to fight the scourge of sexually transmitted diseases. Don’t do as you please.” All 90 of the boys returned safely to a warm welcome, having braved the cold and lived in the bush for many nights. The chief told Daily Sun  he started sending young boys to initiation in 2004, following in his late father’s footsteps. He said he only sent boys over 16 to the mountain and said since they were now classified as men, they should improve society. He said in 14 years ago he has never had any problems with initiates dying. “My family supported me to make sure everything went well,” he said. He said the Ingoma Forum played a big role by offering health services to make sure all the boys made it back safely. Two of the initiates, Mandla Masemola (18) and Joseph Aphane (17), told Daily Sun they were happy to be young men and vowed to implement what they had learnt on the mountain. “I will work to improve the lives of my community,” said Joseph. Yesterday, Provincial Co-operative Governance spokesman Mamkeli Ngam confirmed that the season will officially close next Wednesday and said thus far there have been 16 deaths. Last season their were 11 deaths during the winter season. Ngam said the latest death was that of 17-year-old Brandon Mabamba from King Williams Town. “The cause of death was severe shock, acute kidney failure, dehydration and injuries due to assault,” said Ngam. He said the initiate had a doctor’s certificate, traditional form and surgeon’s certificates but he was underage. Traditional Affairs MEC Fikile Xasa will conduct his second monitoring visit to OR Tambo on Sunday and Alfred Nzo on Monday. Last week OR Tambo district initiation forum chairman said it was unfair for traditional leaders to take all the blame. He said parents and communities also failed to help monitor initiates. Get help with this initiation app from Daily Sun and Code
for Africa: click here for English, and here for Xhosa. 