A FURIOUS man is suing a condom maker and the government’s
quality control bureau after he allegedly caught an STI because the poor
quality condom broke while he poked. Worse still, after he passed the STI on to his wife, she
realised he’d been unfaithful to her and left him. According to The
Star, the unnamed man submitted his sworn affidavit to a Nairobi court this
week to back up his case against condom manufacturers Beta Healthcare and Kenyan
Bureau of Standards. He said he was enjoying a full sex life with both his
nyatsi and his wife back in 2014. " I was fully aware of the dangers of having
unprotected sex and decided to use my favourite brand of condoms being the Zoom
scented chocolate-flavoured studded condoms which I believed would please the
woman and protect me fully. "Whilst I was poking the woman the said condom broke,
a fact I only realised after the act. At the time, I brushed the incident off as
a non-issue and three days later I still had sex with my wife," he said. The horrified man realised all was not well with his 4-5 in
October that year. He was tormented by a rash and it hurt to pee. "I became extremely worried and it was then that I
remembered the condom burst that had taken place nine days earlier. I
immediately went to a traditional healer and sought some traditional herbal
medicine which eased my pain," he said. Later that month while returning to Nairobi by bus he
suddenly fell seriously ill and was rushed to a clinic. There he was diagnosed with an STI and was given
treatment. But all hell broke loose just a few days later when his
wife called him to tell him she was infected with an STI. "My wife blamed me for being unfaithful and our
relationship was strained afterwards. "She then became estranged and later left me for
another man. After my wife left me, I became distressed, burdened with guilt
and even had a mental breakdown which led me to be an alcoholic and I lost my
job." Neither the condom manufacturer nor the Kenyan Bureau of
Standards commented in the report.