ANTHONY Laffor can’t wait to get back in action as Mamelodi Sundowns return to Caf Champions League football today. Laffor has not played any Caf matches this year, owing to a recurring injury. He only played four domestic games this year despite regaining full fitness. But what better way it would be for the 2016 Champions League and Super Cup winner to return to action as the Brazilians seek their first win away. Away in Lome, Sundowns have spent five days in camp preparing for their group C fixture against Togo-Port. The match kicks off at General Eyadema Stadium in the Togo capital this afternoon (3pm). It is the first of two back-to-back matches for the two sides, with the second leg set for Loftus Stadium next Friday. “At the end of the day, we need to be victorious in Togo to progress to the next round. Going back home will be easy for us if we win away,” said Laffor. “We don’t want to be in a position where we depend on the other teams to qualify for the next round. We need to do it ourselves. “We can’t wait to be back on the pitch, after the off-season break. We’ve been looking forward to this match.” Victories in the next two outings will shoot Sundowns to the top of their group with eight points, four more than closest rivals Wydad Casablanca. “We were in a similar position when we went to KCC in Uganda and to AS Vita in Congo in previous years,” Laffor added. “Sometime you start slow but end up winning the competition. I think we started slowly this season. But I think it’s time we put our foot on the ground and show supremacy. “We arrived days early and the training has gone well. “The good thing is that we’ve been training on the same pitch we will be playing on. Yes, we’ve also been following the Fifa World Cup action. But we knew we have games just after the tournament. “We are continuing our journey. If you look at it, we have an opportunity to go top of the group. “If we win this game and the next one at home, we can be number one or two in the group. Both positions qualify us for the next stage of the competition. But we need to win our game first before we think of anything else.”