With the entire month of July being Mandela month, celebrations of the legendary struggle hero Nelson Mandela go on. The struggle stalwart’s centenary celebrations move to the Joburg Theatre where he will be honoured through a musical spectacle. The 100 years of Mandela Celebrations will take place at the state of the art facility in Joburg from 27- 29 July. The line up will feature legendary musicians such as Jonas Mosa Gwangwa, Dorothy Masuka, Abigail Kubheka and Sipho ‘Hotstix’ Mabuse, they will also be accompanied by the Mzansi Youth Choir. “Madiba’s legacy of inspiration, integrity, and disciplined determination will come alive on stage as we honour him and his work,” said Artistic Director Makhaola Ndebele. “It is honour to work with musical legends, young and old, who exhibit these great qualities. “South Africa is truly on the verge of a cultural explosion, which will lead the country into a new and prosperous dawn,” he added. Jonas Musa Gwangwa Bra Jonas, as he is affectionately known,  was born in 1941 in Orlando East, Soweto. In his youth Gwangwa was one of many musicians mentored by Alto Saxophonist Kippie Moeketsi. The well travelled legendary musician was part of the 1950’s band The Epistles before moving on to become a composer of note and the only South African to release an album. Abigail Kubheka Orlando East born star, Abigail Khubeka, will belt all-time favourites that got the late Madiba up on his feet with his signature moves. Kubeka started singing with popular musicians such Miriam Makeba, Hugh Masekela and many others including her co-star for the night, Dorothy Masuku. Dorothy Masuku After a successful career, Masuku now guides young talented artists to have equally fruitful music careers. “You have to have sincerity and discipline to make it in this and any industry,” she says. Sipho “Hotstix” Mabuse Lighting up the dance floor, is Sipho "Hotstix" Mabuse who is one of South Africa, and the world’s most admired and respected musicians. Mabuse is a gentle living legend with 50 years of musical accomplishment and history behind him. Tickets to the 100 years of Mandela Celebrations are available at the Joburg Theatre from R150 