THEY were taken on a roller-coaster ride at the end of last season . . . First they were in the top eight and the next moment they weren’t. But AmaZulu head coach Cavin Johnson remains resolute and will not allow his players to be frustrated by the controversy surrounding the PSL and Ajax Cape Town, who have been at loggerheads over the Tendai Ndoro matter. The deduction of points from Ajax to be awarded to SuperSport United, Platinum Stars and Polokwane City ended up affecting Usuthu, who lost their top eight berth after the ruling by Advocate William Mokhari SC. But the tables have turned with Judge Denise Fisher’s ruling that the points be returned to the clubs, which elevates Usuthu back to their top eight spot. But now the National Soccer League’s Board of Governors will meet today to finalise their decision as they plot to appeal Fisher’s ruling that had also deemed the promotion play-offs invalid. For any coach it would be a situation filled with confusion and frustration regarding whether to prepare for the MTN8 or not. “We’re prepared for any eventuality,” he said. “We will not be personally involved in this matter, for obvious reasons. I am doing my job and the players are doing theirs too. “If the PSL says we’re taking part in the top eight then we will go for it. If not, we will gear up for the season ahead. We’re more focused now than ever before. Remember, we’re building a brand here.” He admits that this will be a tough season for them, which is why they opted to retain the services of Siyabonga “Bhele” Nomvethe and Mabhuti Khenyeza, who between them have a wealth of experience to share. Nomvethe is 40 while Khenyeza turned 36 last month. Johnson will not let them go: “As a coach I say yes, but I don’t know what management will say. We need to make our football better, and as long as they can contribute to the team, why not keep them? Bhele and Mabhuti have been looking after themselves better than most players today. This is why I like them.” He said their target was to push all the way next season until they reach a stage where they could finish second or even win the league. “Why not win it,” he asked with a chuckle.