JUST like thousands of other Copa Coca-Cola graduates playing professional football today, 2014 graduate Khulekani Kubheka says he will forever be grateful for the opportunity to showcase his talents to the rest of the country through the competition. Kubheka played for Pretoria’s Clapham High School as a 14-year-old back in 2013 and featured again in the tournament a year later, when his school went on to win the tournament at King Zwelithini Stadium in Durban. Reflecting on his football journey, from starting out as a central defender to now being the country’s most trusted shot-stopper at junior level, Kubheka believes tournaments such as the Copa Coca-Cola contribute immensely to talent identification through its unique format of schools from different provinces competing against each other. “A lot of teenagers play football at school but playing in this tournament took us out of our comfort zone,” he said. “We had to compete against other competitive schools from the rest of the country. This helped us improve our game at a very young age, which I think gives us the edge over other school football tournaments.” The KwaZulu-Natal-born star was part of coach Thabo Senong’s squad that went to last year’s Under-20 World Cup, which also featured his fellow 2014 tournament graduate Malebogo Modise, his teammate at Sundowns. The 19-year-old keeper now leads the South African U-20 national team as captain with the huge task of helping them book a place at this year’s U-20 Africa Cup of Nations and ultimately the Fifa World Cup, a tournament he rates highly. Said Kubheka: “Usually when you talk about the World Cup, people automatically think about the senior teams, but playing at a World Cup as a teenager does so much for your confidence as an aspiring footballer. “I went to both the U-17 and U-20 World Cups after graduating from Copa and it was an amazing experience that contributed so much to my growth as a footballer. “That is why I want to play as many World Cup competitions as possible.” The Amajita skipper travelled to Brazil during the 2014 World Cup as one of four players selected following the 2014 tournament, and represented South Africa at an international camp in Brazil which coincided with the 2014 World Cup for seniors. The next generation of footballers will be unveiled at this year’s edition when the Copa Coca-Cola provincial play-offs travel to all nine provinces in search of more talent. Among prominent players unearthed through this competition are Andile Jali, Malebogo Modise and Happy Jele. In addition to this year’s tournament, a Future Stars squad will be assembled by tournament ambassador Jabu “Shuffle” Mahlangu and a team of selectors. The successful squad will be given a professional football experience at the High Performance Centre in Pretoria.