An advocate has resigned from the Free State Bar, accusing
"the mainly white Bar" of being hostile and insensitive to issues of
transformation. In her scathing resignation letter, advocate Nkagiseng Khooe
accuses the Bar of "quashing any ideas that threatened the status
quo". She laments that the Bar decided a fund created to help
previously disadvantaged individuals in their first year of practice, should
now also be extended to white males. "In the last Annual General Meeting it was voted that
the PDI fund be extended to include white male candidates, thus completely
wiping out the original intention of the project, that is transformation. "Now explain to me how extending this to white males
who are already [the] majority in this Bar is pro-transformation?" Khooe
asks in her letter. The fund, which depends on voluntary contributions by
members, had until now assisted black members of the Bar. "There was [a] vote where the majority felt that there
are white males that are previously disadvantaged and, therefore, should get
access to the fund. It just makes me angry thinking about it again," she
told News24. Criteria changed Paul Zietsman, chairperson of the Bar, admitted the majority
of members at the Bar’s April AGM had agreed that the words "black and
female" be deleted from the criteria for applicants seeking assistance
from the fund, because "it discriminates on the bases of gender and
race". "The mere fact that the beneficiaries of the fund are
not limited to black or female candidates does not detract from the means test
relating to personal circumstances of an applicant for financial support,"
Zietsman said in a written response to News24. He, however, dismissed Khooe’s comments that the Bar was
hostile to transformation as "without merit". Khooe, who has been a member of the Bar since 2014, said it
had also failed to recruit and retain black women advocates, and had instead
regressed in some areas. "In trying to increase our intake of black female
advocates over the years, I can count a few times where a white male candidate
was preferred over a female, under the pretence that the female candidate was
less experienced," she said. Zietsman said it was correct that the Bar still comprised
more white male members than female, black, coloured or Indian members,
however, the "membership composition has enjoyed the attention of the Bar
Council". He said that their statistics showed that, since 2012, they
had selected five black females, 13 black males, one coloured male, one
coloured female, one Indian male, five white females and 10 white male
candidates to undertake the pupillage programme. Black members sidelined A source, who is a member of the Bar, said Khooe was one of
only two black women advocates who were currently members, and that she had
stayed the longest, having been a member for four years. "Others just drop out after a year or two. Others never
survive, as they just feel sidelined," the source said. Zietsman told News24 that Khooe had "desperately
argued" in favour of a black female from Lesotho to be admitted, but the
majority had voted against a more "preferred candidate still applying the
transformation criteria". SOURCE: NEWS24