The Gqom Barbie, Thandeka Mkhwanazi, who is better known as TDK Macassette says she has no bad blood with anyone in the Gqom or House music industry. In fact, she is in her own lane and just trying to produce good work. This comes after two big stories involving her made headlines over the past week. Last week, the Sunday Sun revealed that TDK is accusing DJ Maphorisa of being a song thief. She told our sister publication that the song Nayi Le Walk is actually her song, and that Maphorisa stole it from her. She went on to claim that the DJ and producer is incapable of producing a Gqom beat because the sound is from KwaZulu-Natal. ICYMI: SAME SONG TITLE DRAMA! “Babes Wodumo is a gqom queen, DJ Tira is a gqom king. Where have you ever seen a gqom king from Pretoria? He must stop calling himself a gqom king,” she told Sunday Sun. TDK then made headlines again in the same week along with fellow Gqom music star, Babes Wodumo after they released two different songs with the same title in the same week, sparking rumours of a brewing feud between the two ladies. She has now spoken to Zkhiphani about both Maphorisa and Babes Wodumo, claiming she has no beef with them. When asked about the Domoroza drama, TDK told the publication: “Honestly, I was as shocked as you. I did not know that she has the same title; and it’s not the same song. The song is not the same but the title is the same. So I was shocked but I really don’t want to talk about it. It did not bother me, I know the truth, I know my lane and I am not here to have any conflict. I am here to make sure I deliver good projects, good work and to have fun. If it means everyone is gonna domoroza, let’s all domoroza”. WATCH: GQOM BARBIE'S #domorozachallenge Meanwhile, she was also asked about her accusations against Maphorisa, but the singer and dancer said she is “done” with that drama. “I’m done with that situation, hence I don’t feel like I want to talk about it. There [are] so many other hits that I’ll be making by the grace of God. What I had to say, I’ve said, and I don’t want to go back there. I was honestly not trying to bash anyone or ruin anyone but I had to say what I had to say because I felt like it was affecting me personally because I am a part of that situation. But I’ve got no bad blood, I’m in my own lane,” she said. 