TOP referees Sandile Dilikane, Chris Harrison and Sibusiso Sisilane are set to miss the start of the 2018-19 Absa Premiership season after failing their fitness tests, currently being carried out in Kempton Park. The trio will be out for six weeks and will have to wait until the next fitness tests for another chance to make the panel. The season will be underway then, as it is set to kick off on 4 August. That kick-off will depend on whether the National Soccer League board of governors can find their way past Ajax Cape Town boss Ari Efsthathiou, who is determined to get an interdict to halt the new season’s start until the Tendai Ndoro matter is settled. Refs who have made the panel include Cedric Muvhali, Victor Hlungwane and Orlani Nkwinda. The first batch of referees and match commissioners completed their tests yesterday, with the next group set to start their classes in Boksburg today and finish on Sunday. The group starting today features big guns such as Daniel Bennett, Phillip Tinyane, Victor Gomes and Thando Ndzandzeka among the seniors running tomorrow. Bennett would be the most worried, considering that he previously had to take a second bite at the cherry. He had failed the test before the start of the 2017-18 season and was only able to make it onto the panel midway throught the term. According to SunSport’s source, Harrison was just unfortunate, as he pulled a muscle and was unable to make it through or accumulate enough points. “It’s a tough process and those who have passed are very lucky. Safa is very strict this time, abiding by the Caf (Confederation of African Football) and Fifa laws on referees. This is good going forward.” It is understood that one of the referees to have made it onto the panel could officiate in Saturday’s Shell Helix Ultra Cup match between Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium (3pm). SA Football Association acting head of referees Tenda Masikhwa couldn’t be reached for comment. But he told SunSport last week that there had been new amendments to referees’ laws and they would be following up on them, as well as providing officials with the latest teaching materials, including match clips. The group that starts today will also go through integrated training and lectures in accordance with Fifa rules, while the tests will also adhere to Fifa and Caf’s instructions that referees’ body mass index, or BMI, should be considered in fitness tests. Fifa referee Zakhele Siwela was celebrated by all the officials who held a quick function to show their appreciation for his achievements in representing South Africa well at the 2018 Russia Fifa World Cup.  