WE SHOULD read about and be inspired by top performing small businesses daily. President Cyril Ramaphosa said this while celebrating top black entrepreneurs at the sixth annual Black Umbrellas National Enterprise Development Awards in Rivonia, last week. Black Umbrellas formed the established the development awards to recognise the achievements of entrepreneurs in their incubation programme. The awards highlight the hard work and dedication that goes into making sure that black-owned businesses are sustainable, profitable and that they create job opportunities for those in their communities. Ramaphosa, who was beaming with confidence and joy at the success of these businesses, said the winners showed how black businesses were growing and becoming successful. “They are serious businesses run by serious business people who are not fronts,” he said. He said they also tell stories of hundreds, possibly thousands, of black entrepreneurs out there, who are turning ideas into real businesses using limited resources. “Having risen from the dusty streets of our townships, these businesses have gone on to make millionaires and create job opportunities for others,” said Ramaphosa. Ramaphosa, a successful businessman himself, motivated Mzansi youths to get out and start their own businesses. The businesses within the Black Umbrellas incubation programme over the past six years have collectively generated a turnover of R2,6 billion, created over 11 000 jobs and have a combined Net Asset Value of R 1,1 billion. The overall winners on the night were: - Most jobs created – Debar Ceramics - Best performing company – Modi MinBlack Umbrellas ambassador – HSE Matters - Incubator of the year – Lephalale Incubator - National overall winner – Debar Ceramics Black Umbrellas CEO Seapei Mafoyane said the awards are more than just a ceremony. “They are a celebration of black excellence in business. “These entrepreneurs have performed admirably over the past year and have changed thousands of lives through job creation. “Their contribution to the country’s economy is laudable.”