FORMER Kaizer Chiefs coach Steve Komphela has said that responding to goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune’s statement that Amakhosi players found it hard to understand the coach during his stint at Naturena would cost him his dignity. On the past weekend Amakhosi number one stopper, Khune expressed his hopes players would understand and grasp the philosophy of new coach Giovanni Solinas who was appointed by the club last Friday. The keeper also expressed an opinion that he and his teammates struggled under Komphela who left the club in April because they could not adjust to what the coach wanted during his trophy less three seasons with the Soweto Giants. Talking in the SAB League Under-21 championships players recognition dinner on Thursday night Komphela said responding to Khune’s statement would cost him his dignity.“Three years at Chiefs had the best of my time. I remained highly respecting and dignified. I am not going to spoil that‚” Komphela said. Komphela who recently joined Bloemfontein Celtic also did not want to make any comments on Chiefs new mentor Giovanni Solinas. He stated: “I’ve always refused to comment, that’s why for three years you (Media) have been hunting and hunting me. I survived the three years of an onslaught. I cannot therefore commit and error today. “I cannot get excited and make an error today, it will erase the three years of dignity and respect out of the sincere sufferings that I went through. I will stay the same way I have been in the past three years dignified and respecting irrespective circumstances.” “I’m not going to talk about my past because the moment you start opening the past doors there’s a lot of things that you will need to explain.” Komphela who promoted close to 13 young players during his time at Chiefs said they could be taking some of the players from the on-going SAB League Under-21 championship in Umlazi to access them at Celtic. He said:  “I might steal one who knows, ukhon’engimbonile ngizomthatha (there’s one player I saw, I will take him) you will see. I love young players.”