THE world shines a spotlight on Scotch whisky tomorrow to celebrate this ancient spirit. Dubbed Scotland’s golden nectar, it has officially existed since 1494 when it was first documented in the Exchequer Rolls. The entry lists “Eight bolls of malt to Friar John Cor wherewith to make aqua vitae (water of life)”. This was enough to produce almost 1 500 bottles, which suggests that distillation was already long established. According to the Scotch Whisky Association, Scotch has survived bans, wars, revolutions and economic depressions but kept its position as the premier spirit of choice in more than 200 countries. Karen Betts, chief executive of the whisky association, said: “More Scotch is enjoyed all over the rest of the world than all of the American, Canadian and Irish whiskies combined. “Our analysis of 2017 exports shows just how well the industry is doing in our 180 markets. This reflects the industry’s determination and hard work to take high-quality Scotch whisky to consumers all over the world.” Mzansi is a top 10 Scotch whisky importer, surpassing Canada and Australia. South Africa is also the biggest whisky importer on the continent, followed by Angola, Morocco, Nigeria and Egypt, as figures from the whisky association show. Single Malt Scotch This is a Scotch distilled at a single distillery from water and malted barley without the addition of any other cereals, and by batch distillation in pot stills. By law, from 23 November 2012, Single Malt Scotch Whisky must be bottled in Scotland. Single Grain Scotch This Scotch is distilled at a single distillery from water and malted barley with or without whole grains of other malted or unmalted cereals. It also includes other Scotches that do not comply with the definition of Single Malt Scotch Whisky. Blended Scotch This is a blend of one or more Single Malt Scotches with one or more Single Grain Scotches. Blended Malt Scotch A blend of Single Malt Scotches, which have been distilled at two or more distilleries. Blended Grain Scotch This blend of Single Grain Scotches mixes different whiskies distilled at one or more distilleries.