IN LIGHT of the success of South African junior teams lately, SA Football Association (Safa) boss Danny Jordaan says the association has ordered Bafana Bafana head coach Stuart Baxter to ensure they qualify for the 2022 Fifa World Cup in Qatar. Amajita have qualified for the 2019 Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) while Banyana Banyana are through to the Women’s Afcon and Bantwana, the SA Under-17 side, have qualified for the Fifa U-17 World Cup. Amajimbos coach Molefi Ntseki and his young charges also hope to qualify for next year’s U-17 Afcon in Mauritius. Jordaan, fresh from the Russia World Cup, told the media in Durban at the weekend that Baxter must start utilising the youth to build a team for the 2022 World Cup and turn their vision into reality. He believes continuity could be key in ensuring Bafana qualify for major tournaments, with their next assignment being a 2019 Afcon qualifier against Libya in Port Elizabeth on 7 September before they take on Seychelles on 10 October. Amajimbos played in the Fifa Youth World Cup in Chile and the core of that team was later promoted to Amajita – a good example of continuity. And those players did well when they qualified for last year’s Under-20 World Cup in South Korea. This past weekend Thabo Senong’s Amajita made Mzansi proud when they qualified for next year’s U-20 Afcon that also serves as World Cup qualifiers. The top four teams will automatically qualify for world showpiece set for Poland in June next year. Jordaan addressed the media after the SAB League Under-21 National Championships at KZN’s KwaMashu Stadium on Sunday. He revealed that they have learned something from the 2018 World Cup: “The strong teams of the world are physically and mentally prepared. That is an indication to us what we need to work on to build a team that can compete. “Looking ahead to 2022 we said to Stuart Baxter, whatever age your players are currently, add four years (2022 is four years from now). If that player is 36 years old right now, ask yourself – is that a player for World Cup 2022? “Essentially we were giving him the message that he must start with the next generation of Bafana players.” When asked if this meant the current senior Bafana players should be eliminated from the team, Jordaan stated: “I’m not the coach but you saw the England team, many of those players came from their U-20 team that won the World Cup. “Many of the younger players in the French team came from the U-17 and U-20 teams. The question now is when are we going to start using our young players who also played in World Cup tournaments? We should build our future, not depend on our past.” Jordaan also revealed that the football team that gets chosen for the 2020 Olympics could come from universities. “We had a meeting with USSA (University Sport SA) and we want to work closely with them because a lot of our Under-23 Olympic team members will come from universities, considering they now play in regular, structured and efficient competitions,” said Jordaan.