SOME graduates have been receiving money from National Students Financial Aid Scheme (Nsfas) months after graduating. This happens while other poor students are struggling to get
funding for their studies. Some former students from the Walter Sisulu University
(WSU) and the University of Johannesburg (UJ) were still beneficiaries of
Nsfas, despite no longer qualifying. A former student at the Walter Sisulu University told City Press one
of her friends has been boasting about still receiving money from the
scholarship after receiving more than R13 000 since the beginning of the year. “After our graduation my close friends and I started a
WhatsApp group to go on an outing to celebrate our achievement. “My friend then texted in the group, saying she has been
receiving notifications from Nsfas about money being given to her. We laughed
at her with disbelief, and asked her to show us the notifications. She sent us
the screen shots of the notifications of money sent to her by Nsfas. Sathi
masambe siyoyitya le mali (we planned to go out and spend the money), but after
a while we told her to report the matter.” City Press was sent the conversations and Nsfas
IntelliMali balances SMSes. The student, who did not want to be identified, said her
friend called Nsfas and was told there was nothing they could do about it as
the money was already with her. The Walter Sisulu University referred City Press to
Nsfas. “Your question should be directed at Nsfas, who manage the sBux system.
WSU does not use sBux so this question is not for WSU. Your source/s have their
facts mixed up.” Another student, from the University of Johannesburg,
told City Press he was funded throughout his undergraduate studies by Nsfas,
but was not funded for his honours. However, he claimed he still receives the sBux
allowances. “This whole Nsfas thing confuses me because when I went
to the Nsfas consultants at UJ, they told me they choose who gets given Nsfas,
and they do not give Nsfas to many postgraduate students. But until the end of
June I have been getting allowances from Nsfas, until I got an SMS informing me
my card has been blocked and I must come to them if I want to find out why.” He said in the past six months he received in allowances
to the value of R3 000. “I think I was lucky because I also work so for me,
unlike students who solely rely on the grant, the money felt like it was my
luck. I didn’t return it. I just used it.” However, Nsfas provided statistics of how many students
it was funding this year. “Nsfas has confirmed funding to more than 188 000 First
Time Entering Students (FTENs). ..138 000 applications have been assessed and
qualify for funding but they do not have academic admission. The challenge of
no admission data means that we have not received any substantial proof that
the student has registered or is currently in class,” said Nsfas in a
statement. https://city-press.news24.com/News/students-still-getting-funds-from-nsfas-months-after-graduating-20180708