The 10th World Choir Games got off to a roaring start today (05 July 2018) with choirs from across the world slugging it out for the top honours at the ten-day event that ends on Saturday, 14 July 2018. The “Olympics of Choral Music” has attracted 16 000 participants from more than 60 countries to the City of Tshwane, which won the hosting rights of this international biannual event. The South Africa capital takeover the baton for the Russian city of Sochi which held the event in 2016.  The games are taking place at various venues in the City of Tshwane. These in These include the Opera State Theatre and St. Alban's Cathedral in Pretoria Central; ZK Matthews Great Hall at the University of South Africa; and Musaion and Aula Theatre at the Hatfield Campus of the University of Pretoria (UP). Other events will be held at the Sun Arena, Time Square Menlyn Maine. The World Choir Games Village is set up at the Hellenic Community Centre, across the road from the UP (Hatfield Campus), which also hosts the main operations centre of the games. The village will be hive of activity during the games with an assortment of entertainment including live music and market daily. It boasts great ambience in which the participants can unwind and diverse cuisine for foodies. In addition, there is wide range of artefacts on sale for participants looking for exotic souvenirs. The market offers a cheap taxi service for those needing to get around the city and packaged tours with guides. The start of the games today follows an opening ceremony took place on Wednesday night at a glittering ceremony held at the Sun Arena. It showcased what attendees could expect over the next ten days.  Speaking at a media conference ahead of the opening ceremony, Gauteng Tourism, the official destination marketing agency of the Gauteng City Region, board member Michael Sass could not hide his excitement. “This has been a long journey up to this point,” he said. “I can’t find words to express how excited we are to host this prestigious event in Gauteng. It gives us an opportunity to showcase what the Gauteng City Region, South Africa and Africa are about.” Golding promised a different type of the biannual choral music event. The 10th World Choir Games would have an African flavour to it.  “As Africans, we are known for song and dance and we are going to get everyone dancing over the duration of the event,” Sass said. In addition, he urged participants to explore destination Gauteng, which is unique in many respects. The Gauteng City Region is a modern, urban and on pair with major metropoles around the world in terms of shopping, cuisine, leisure and other visitor experiences. But it also offers unparalled nature and authentic cultural experiences, especially in the various townships across the city.For nature and wildlife enthusiasts, the host city is home to the Dinokeng Game Reserve. The establishment is largest of its kind in the world with free-roaming Big Five within a residential reserve that is adjacent to an urbanised area. City of Tshwane Mayor Solly Msimang welcomed the media and guests to the games. He expressed hope that the event would successful beyond expectations. Msimang reiterated the call for the participants to explore the city. Tickets for the event are still available and can be purchased at:  http://wcg.nutickets.co.za/2018SA 