TODAY, the nation celebrates the 100th anniversary of the birth of one of Mzansi’s greatest sons. Nelson Mandela was given the Xhosa name Rolihlahla when he was born 100 years ago. But while at school in Qunu, Eastern Cape, he was named Nelson by a teacher as Africans were typically given what were called Christian names. After matriculating from Healdtown Comprehensive School, started by Methodist missionaries, he went to study for a BA at the University of Fort Hare. However, he was expelled for student activism and fled to Joburg after an uncle threatened to arrange a marriage for him. In Joburg, Mandela met lifelong friend Walter Sisulu and worked as a security guard while completing his studies. He went back to Fort Hare in 1943 to graduate. He later enrolled at the University of Witwatersrand to study for an LLB degree but he didn’t graduate and only finished the degree when he went to prison. After helping start the ANC Youth League, he rose through the party’s rank to become volunteer-in-chief for the Defiance Campaign in 1952. During this time, he married Sisulu’s cousin Evelyn Mase. They had two sons and two daughters. The marriage later ended in divorce. In 1952, Oliver Tambo and Mandela also established South Africa’s first black law firm and Madiba was banned for the first time. In 1955, he and other comrades were arrested and charged with treason. The famous Treason Trial ended with an acquittal in 1961. During this time, Mandela married his social worker girlfriend Winnie Madikizela and the couple went on to have two daughters. In 1961, he was involved in forming uMkhonto weSizwe and secretly left Mzansi the next year. He travelled around Europe to get support for the armed struggle. He travelled under the fake name of David Motsamayi but he was arrested and charged with leaving the country illegally. In 1964, Mandela and other comrades were sentenced to life in prison on Robben Island at the Rivonia Trial. He was released in 1990, and four years later, he became South Africa’s first democratic president. Mandela died in hospital on 5 December 2013 after a long illness.