EVERYTHING was looking rosy for Wayne Sandilands in his debut season for Orlando Pirates . . . and then he hit a “bump” with a goalkeeping blunder. That mistake last season, when he was caught off-guard by Hlompho Kekana’s smashing goal, kept Sandilands away from the action for months as Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic rotated his keepers. It’s safe to say the Buccaneers haven’t quite been able to fill the specialised position in four seasons. However, the recruitment of Brilliant Khuzwayo is widely expected to bring stability in the last line of defence. That, however, could mean that Sandilands could be dropping further down the pecking order. “Every team needs good depth and quality,” said Sandilands. “There is a long season ahead – a club like Pirates always want to challenge for major trophies. And it’s good to have good quality players around you. That could only bode well for the future.” Despite missing 19 league matches – and due to a recurring injury – Sandilands has claimed Bucs’ Best Goalkeeper award for keeping five clean sheets. It is natural for him to be reluctant to dwell on the past, instead choosing to look at the positives. “It’s a matter of holding on to the positives. The award obviously says I was on the right path, but there are bumps and stuff that come your way. As I said before, you are always going to have your ups and downs,” Sandilands said. “But you have to be able to hold on to positives. Know who you are and continue to pursue the goals that you have set yourself. “Yes, the injuries are obviously frustrating. It’s something you as a player have to put behind you. “It’s a new season now. The past is gone. It’s history, now the task is to forge ahead.” The former Bafana Bafana goalie has had a good pre-season so far and is looking forward to the upcoming season. He added: “I know the hard work still lies ahead. But I think, for me right now, it’s just about being focused, continuing to work hard, to be hungry to add to the history of the club and to leave behind a legacy.”