DINO Ndlovu has ruled out the possibility of playing in the Absa Premiership again. The well-travelled striker is currently enjoying his career in China where he plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the League One division (second division). The 27-year-old told SunSport he would end his career abroad, as he had seen it all locally, having played for Mamelodi Sundowns, Bloemfontein Celtic, SuperSport United and Mpumalanga Black Aces. Ndlovu, who has also played in Israel for Maccabi Haifa, joined Hangzhou in January on a two-year deal following a great spell with Azerbaijan Premier League side Qarabag. Said Ndlovu: “I miss my family and friends in South Africa. But no, I’m not even thinking of returning to the PSL. If God blesses me, I would love to finish my career abroad.” Although Ndlovu plies his trade in the second tier, he says the standard of football in China is higher than in South Africa. He continued: “The Chinese Super League is slightly more advanced than the Absa Premiership. There is more financial muscle and technology is also more advanced than back home.” However, Ndlovu stressed that it was not easy to settle in China. “Look, the main challenges are language, culture and how they think and do things. Apart from that, the time zone was basically my worst nightmare. But I’m not complaining – I always fight my way to the top. I’m not the only guy seeking an opportunity to play abroad, so I’ve always pushed myself and remained humble while working hard.” Ndlovu says Safa must invest more in youth if Bafana Bafana are to qualify for major tournaments like the World Cup and Africa Cup of Nations. “I think we need to invest more in our academies and give young players a chance to represent the senior team. The problem is our organisation (Safa) always puts the national team coach under unnecessary pressure and you find the coach has no time to work with youth. The fact that players go abroad and stay there for less than three years does not help.” But he is confident Percy Tau will make an impact with English Premier League side Brighton & Hove Albion if he doubles his work-rate. “My advice to him is that he must make a name for himself there. It will be harder than he thinks to be successful. He needs to be four times better than local players and should know that he will be competing with other foreigners who may be hungrier than he is to succeed. “So he needs to make sacrifices and make his job a priority. If he can do that then he will enjoy his stay abroad.”