National Netball South Africa (NSA) selectors identifying talent at the 2018 Spar National Netball Championships in Port Elizabeth have been spoiled for choice! Some 1 043 young women have turned up for the championships at the Lotto Young Park in Port Elizabeth – with competitors from 48 of the country’s district municipalities swelling the number of participants. In an effort to reach players at grassroots level, NSA has changed the format of the annual championships. Teams no longer present a province but compete for their district as part of NSA initiative to take netball back to the people. This means the defending champions, Gauteng A, now play under the Tshwane District banner. “It’s not the first time we’re playing as districts but this time it’s different,” said NSA demarcations director Mami Diale. “We are talking talent identification, not mass participation. We haven’t changed the format. It’s still A and B. This platform is not for development at all. “It’s the first time we have such a huge number of participants. And obviously it’s a challenge, also for our stakeholders in terms of facilities. We have to think about infrastructure when we decide on venues, hence our choice of PE. “Everything has been expanded, including the number of officials for the tournament.” Diale also emphasised the need for national team players to take part in the championships. “We did identify talent at the Brutal Fruit Netball Premier League. But everybody still needs to perform at the Spar National Championships to have another chance of being identified before the final announcement on the national team is made.” The teams of Tshwane, Cape Winelands, Joburg and Mangaung Metro are some of the stronger sides setting the scenes alight with fantastic starts in both the Under-21 and senior sections. But there is an abundance of talent on display as the girls go all out to impress the selectors, demonstrating their athletic ability and competitive spirit. “If you want to be the best in the world you need to have a conveyer belt of talent,” said Netball SA president Cecilia Molokwane. “That is why we are starting at the grassroots this year. We will soon announce the squad of 45 U-21 players, all the coaches as well as the President’s 12, the Fast Five coach, the Under-19 development coach and the team managers.”