COMEBACK coach Dan “Dance” Malesela, says he used his time away from the beautiful game to figure out ways to improve football. Malesela was controversially shown the door by Chippa United chairman Siviwe “Chippa” Mpengesi towards the end of 2017. The Pretoria-born coach was placed on “special leave” that eventually led to his dismissal and he spent almost 10 months in the wilderness. But Malesela kissed and made up with his chairman, and accepted the offer to return to Port Elizabeth to resume his coaching duties. His on-off relationship with Mpengesi has raised a lot of eyebrows but the former Mamelodi Sundowns defender is happy to be back in the Windy City doing what he loves most. He states plainly that people simply won’t understand the nature of his relationship with his chairman and promised to deliver nothing but beautiful football in the 2018-19 Absa Premiership season. With skilled additions to the team such as Daine Klate and Thabo Nthethe among his many signings, Malesela predicts a fairytale season for the Chilli Boys. The Eastern Cape side took part in the Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup against three other teams at James Motlatsi Stadium in Orkney on Saturday. The Chilli Boys played to a goalless draw with Free State Stars in the second semifinal and lost the match 3-1 on penalties. Malesela is currently in his first pre-season training camp with the Chilli Boys and says there are good signs. He said: “I tried a few players in different positions. We created more chances than Stars. We play these games so we can take lessons. We learned that wasting too many chances will get us in trouble and we could easily get eliminated in cup competitions that way. “We have a couple of matches in Joburg this week and we will test more players in different positions.” Commenting about his return to Port Elizabeth, Malesela said he had a lot to think about during his forced break: “It was frustrating. Yes, I asked myself a lot of questions – what did I get wrong? But it helped me a lot, I had time to reflect and think about new ideas that I can implement. “I have many plans for this team – you will see my ideas as time goes on.” Malesela said what he would like to see in his second spell was more goals. He added: “I never gave serious attention to goal-scoring. We will work on it to score more goals.”