BOK legend John Smit is backing the Sharks to win their quarterfinal clash against the Crusaders on Saturday. Smit also reckons the Springboks will be in good shape and in a better position to win the 2019 World Cup. Even though there is a long way to go before the Boks could fully regain their lost lustre, the team has been showing great improvements under coach Rassie Erasmus. “I think what when we arrive in Japan we’ve got a team that can beat anyone on the day. Aiming to be number one by the time we get to the World Cup is absolutely attainable,” said Smit. The former Boks skipper he will be on hand to help Mark Nancarrow go through a Bok experience in the upcoming Rugby Championship and in the 2019 World Cup. Nancarrow has been chosen as the MTN official Bozza, the exclusive “social media eyes and ears” of South Africa’s rugby-loving nation for the upcoming Rugby Championship and the 2019 World Cup in Japan. MTN SA, in collaboration with SA Rugby, launched a mission in May 2018 - a quest to find the perfect person to follow the Springbok rugby team around the world to give fans an exclusive insight into the behind-the-scenes world of our beloved heroes. Nancarrow edged Quinton Janse van Rensburg and Ndabenhle “Bench” Zondi to the big prize. This included access to the team during pre-game activities, team announcements, training sessions and exclusive locker room experiences led by Boks legends, Smit, Os Du Randt and Corné Krige before each test match. Public voting helped guide MTN and SA Rugby to settle on the final Bozza winner. MTN will cover all costs, valued at R2 million, to ensure the 23-year-old Nancarrow is always in the front row seat wherever the Springboks play. “This is what I want to do for the rest of my life and being a part of this completely confirmed just how much I love this team, this job and just how excited and happy I would be to continue doing it until the end of 2019,” said Nancarrow. MTN SA Executive for Consumer Business Mapula Bodibe said: “We are delighted for Mark, who showed great passion and commitment throughout the challenge. Our campaign with the Springboks is an opportunity for us to connect our customers with their passion and we think that Mark is the ‘Bozza’ to do just that. “The Springbok team remains an important national asset that many of us can identify with and we are pleased to give our customers a platform that brings them closer to our national team.” 