Renowned South African journalist, Nikiwe Bikitsha is officially an Oxford University graduate. Nikiwe has completed her Master of Science degree in African Studies from the world-famous university located in Oxford, England. The award-winning journalist took time away from local radio and TV airwaves to focus on her studies abroad and it has now paid off. This is her fourth degree including the Master in Journalism and Media Studies she holds from Wits. Nikiwe shared the exciting news with all her fans on social media this week. Earlier this month, she announced that she had successfully completed her studies at the university and spoke about what a momentous occasion this is. “Nikiwe from eMthatha will soon be an Oxford graduate. That’s the same girl who had to drop out of Rhodes University (UCKAR) in 1997 because there wasn’t enough money for fees. Twenty years later I hold an MA in Journalism & Media Studies (Wits) and now an MSc African Studies (Oxon),” she said. She went on to thank everyone who contributed to making this dream a reality. “I’m grateful to Dr Adrian Enthoven, Standard Bank for supporting my dream of attending the top university in the world. My family for always believing in me and supporting my BHAGs. My wise son who always says, ‘don’t be glad it’s over, be glad that you did it’. My friends who are the best cheerleaders a girl could ask for. God has been so good to me, I feel immeasurably blessed to have had this opportunity,” she continued. I’m now an Oxford graduate ????‍?????????? #gratitude A post shared by  Nikiwe Bikitsha (@nikiwebikitsha) on Jul 21, 2018 at 3:19pm PDT  Ndipasile eOXFORD!!! ??????‍??????????‍?????????? Nikiwe from eMthatha will soon be an Oxford graduate. That’s the same girl who had to drop out of Rhodes university (uckar) in 1997 because there wasn’t enough money for fees. Twenty years later I hold an MA in Journalism & Media Studies (Wits) and now an MSc African Studies (Oxon). In her book, ‘Lean in’, Sheryl Sandberg dispels the notion of a career ladder but chooses instead the idea of a jungle gym, sometimes you go sideways, backwards and then back up again, to end up where you’re truly meant to be. There is no linear path to success. I’m grateful to Dr Adrian Enthoven, Standard Bank (Sim Tshabalala, Lincoln Mali, Kate Johns) for supporting my dream of attending the top university in the world. My family for always believing in me and supporting my BHAGs. My wise son who always says, “don’t be glad it’s over, be glad that you did it”. My friends who are the best cheerleaders a girl could ask for. God has been so good to me, I feel immeasurably blessed to have had this opportunity. As AmaMpondo would say, nosel’eyibambile akakayosi, nosel’eyosile akakayidli, nosel’eyidlile akakayigwinyi. Ndiyigwinyile ke ngoku! ????????????‍???? #BeTheLegacy A post shared by  Nikiwe Bikitsha (@nikiwebikitsha) on Jul 5, 2018 at 12:37am PDT  