VARSITY Football has taken its quest to develop football in South Africa to another level by introducing a women’s version of the tournament. There were ululations of excitement when the women’s edition of the competition was launched in Milpark midweek. This could be regarded as a response to Sport Minister Tokozile Xasa’s call for the inclusion of women in football development projects. Safa boss Danny Jordaan, too, is a favourite of women’s football and has promised to help start a national women’s football league next year. The fast growing and popular university development programme has revealed its big plans for women’s football. The Varsity Women’s Football edition runs from 20-27 September and will be televised live on SuperSport. The participating teams are University of Free State, Tshwane University of Technology (TUT), University of Johannesburg (UJ), University of Pretoria (Tuks), University of KwaZulu-Natal, University of Zululand, University of Western Cape (UWC) and Walter Sisulu University. TUT remain the powerhouses in women’s football as they boast Banyana Banyana star Refiloe Jane, but they will be given a run for their money by the other teams. Varsity Football manager Xhanti-Lomzi Nesi said the focus would be on women’s football this year. Said Nesi: “We have big plans for women’s football and want to see it grow. We want to unearth future Banyana Banyana players. We will do everything in our power to support women’s football.” University of KwaZulu-Natal will take part in the competition for the first time. Meanwhile, all eyes will be on the men’s 2017 champions Tuks as they attempt to win the title for the fourth time. The men’s tournament starts on 26 July and the final will be played on 27 September. The competition will be played in a mini-league round-robin basis. The top four teams will advance to the semifinals. The top two teams will get to play the semifinals at home. The team that wins the mini-league will host the team that finishes in fourth position and the second team in the standings will host the team that finishes third. Debutants Limpopo join TUT, North West University, Tuks, UJ, Wits, University of KwaZulu-Natal, TUT and UWC in the men’s competition.