A WOMAN dedicated to the pouty, curvy look regrets none
of the many times she’s been under the knife – even though she’s now in constant
pain. According to The
Sun, Aimi Veness (43) from East Sussex in England has already blown £100 000
(about R17,8 million) on cosmetic surgery. Her lifelong addiction to surgically remodelling her body
began at 25 when she was a dancer. Besides uncountable Botox injections, Aimi
also tried out some very risky growth hormone injections because they promised
to be her “fountain of youth”. "Within a couple of weeks of using them I was truly
converted. My skin felt plumper and softer and I lost a lot of weight as the
injections speed up your metabolism. I was spending up to £200 (R3 500) a month
on my supplies."  But she paid a high price. A year on she had developed fibromyalgia,
a condition that causes constant pain all over the body. She’s had a nose job, eye-lid surgery, under eye surgery,
lip fillers, and two Brazilian butt lifts. But her most expensive procedure to date is a boob job
that moved her up from a B-cup to a DD cup – all for £6 500 (about R116 000). Unfortunately Aimi is in even more pain because of her
breast implants, which she thinks have begun to leak. "All this suffering and medication that I’m on, it’s
self-inflicted from surgery just to look nice. "The only time I don’t suffer is when I’ve had
surgery. Obviously it's the painkillers they're pumping me with; I feel like
Wonder Woman! "But I would rather have this pain and keep my
breasts. I just think it’s worth the risk to look how I look and I’ll put up
with this pain to keep my boobs. At least I’ll look good in my coffin!"
said Aimi. She’s by no means done yet, with a surgery wish list that
includes new-look teeth, a new boob job and a face lift when she turns 50,
according to the report. She’s also considering one more Brazilian butt lift. "It’s a pain in the arse – literally – but it’s
worth it because my bum looks so good. I’ll probably go for round three next
year," she told The Sun. Oddly enough, Aimi won’t even let her son, Harry (21) get
a tattoo.