LOSE, win or go home. It is as simple as that for Mamelodi Sundowns, says Pitso Mosimane as he prepares to guide his team in their do-or-die Caf Champions League match against Togo-Port at Lucas Moripe Stadium tonight (9pm). Languishing at the bottom of Group C with two points, and with their backs against the wall, the Brazilians could bow out of the continental tournament should they fail to get a result. “It’s lose or win or go home. It is that simple,” said Mosimane. “Otherwise you will be hoping this one (team) loses to that one, or that one loses to this one. “We can win and get five points. But you never know, there could be an upset in the other group match in Casablanca. Still, not many teams return triumphant from Casablanca. “So we are hoping that Wydad win (against Horoya) and that we win here against Togo-Port to be second in the group. “Then we will sort it out against Horoya in our home match.” The permutations seem pretty easy on paper, of course. But it could be a different story, given that Sundowns are winless in three matches and have so far struggled to break down tight defences. Mosimane admitted to the team’s dangerous tendency of putting themselves in tight situations, pointing to previous occasions where they started slowly in the league before picking up momentum to win the championship. But in the same breath, he decried the mindset, saying “we usually get away with it, but one day it might backfire”. In truth, it didn’t have to come to this for Sundowns. Mosimane pointed to the errors that have cost them seven points so far, including two draws against Wydad and Horoya. “We lost the easiest game, the one against Togo-Port (1-0),” Mosimane said. “Even a PSL away game has never been that easy, we created about five clear chances. But it will be different here. “I expect them to ‘park the bus’ – you know the Champions League. So we have to move that bus.” The Togolese should brace themselves for a backlash, with the likes of Sibusiso Vilakazi, Themba Zwane, Gaston Sirino and Jeremy Brockie raring to go.