MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso “Jingles” Mosimane is not done shopping! The Brazilians have cast their net wide in search of three new players – a left-back, centre-back and an attacking player, preferably a target man. The Tshwane giants host AS Togo-Port in a must-win Caf Champions League encounter at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville on Friday (9pm). Downs have to win their Group C match against the West African outfit to boost their chances of qualifying. The 2016 Champions League winners are still winless and bottom of Group C with just two points. Defending champions Wydad Casablanca of Morocco and Horoya of Guinea are joint leaders at the top with five points, while Togo-Port are third with three points from three matches. Mosimane made nine changes for the Shell Helix Ultra Cup at FNB Stadium on Saturday from the team that lost 1-0 to Togo-Port in Lome last week. The SA league champions went on to record a 2-1 victory over Kaizer Chiefs. New Zealand striker Jeremy Brockie scored his first goal for the club eight minutes into the second half, while Themba Zwane added a second goal on the stroke of full-time to give Downs the trophy. Bernard Parker scored a consolation goal for Amakhosi. The Brazilians also played a friendly match against PSL opposition Maritzburg United in Tshwane yesterday as part of their Champions League preparations. Mosimane said: “In my opinion we need three new players, but when you need three you have to release three, so then we’d be left with 30 players.” Mosimane is happy to have won his first pre-season trophy but admits that his biggest challenge is to overcome the Togolese club in the return match. He said he would have an idea of his starting lineup for the match against Togo-Port by tomorrow. Mosimane said: “It was a good chance to give everybody game-time. We have a squad of 30 and it is important to manage them carefully. “It’s the first time I have so many players in the squad. I don’t know if I will be able to manage them well and make them happy, we will see.” Added the coach: “The Champions League is a different kettle of fish. It’s about mental character too. “We travelled 21 hours to Togo and played on a bad artificial pitch. If you want to qualify you have to win your home games. We will beat this team at home. It’s not about how you start, it’s about how you finish. “We just want to qualify in the group. We are targeting victory in our home matches but didn’t deserve to lose in Togo, as we dominated them.”