DEEP, deep among the cramped houses of Alexandra township, just next to Sixth Ruth Avenue, lives a future Victor “Victovich” Hlungwani. Arguably the youngest referee in Gauteng, the 14-year-old Thato Makgoga stole the show at the 21st edition of the Maimane Alfred Phiri (MAP) Games at Alexandra Stadium on Sunday. When referee Makgoga stepped onto the pitch, sandwiched between his equally young pair of assistants, all clad in black shorts and yellow tops, more than 10 000 fans that had packed the facility all took notice. It was a moment Makgoga will cherish for the rest of his life and it’s all thanks to the Alexandra Local Football Association, who has fuelled and nurtured his growing passion. Officiating in a legends match that features veterans like MAP organiser Phiri, Edward “Magents” Motale, Siza Maphalla, Sibusiso Zwane and Patrick “Mchacho” Tshisikhawe is every referee’s ambition. The Grade 8 pupil at Pholosho Secondary School ruled over the match proceedings with aplomb, even going as far as dishing out yellow cards and verbal cautions to misbehaving legends. He cared very little that all of them are old enough to be his father or even grandfather, saying “in the field of play we are all governed by the laws of the game” – and he was certainly in charge. “I’ve always wanted to be a referee,” said the teen, still clutching his whistle and yellow card as he spoke to SunSport. When asked if he had issued red cards or dismissed coaches in his budding four-year career, he responded: “I have given out red cards before, but only when necessary.” Makgoga was born and raised in Ga-Makola Village, in the Jane Furse area of the Sekhukhune district of Limpopo, where he first acted on his love for refereeing in 2014. He pursued his dream of becoming a professional referee when he moved to Alex last year. The Classic Eleven FC midfielder says the match has elevated his reputation and made him become a stronger referee. “The legends promote me,” he said, sounding rushed – which is typical behaviour for the majority of professional referees. “I started out by officiating in junior matches but now I have grown to officiate the elders. This is not my first time officiating senior players, but it is the first time I’ve dealt with such legends, some of whom I never got to see in action in their heyday. “I grew up hearing stories about how good they were and the quality they possess,” said the young referee. “I have been involved in the refereeing side of things for four years. I admire Victor Hlungwani a lot and would like to be like him.” To other youngsters out there, Makgoga said: “If playing is not your thing, start developing an interest in refereeing. Join us if you can’t get any opportunities to play. Many referees were not players in their youth but because they liked the game, they opted to become referees. And that is not a bad idea.” Tournament organiser Phiri said they were honoured to have youngsters like Makgoga and his support officials take charge of their exhibition match Andrew Mdlhuli, refereeing appointment co-ordinator for Alexandra Local Football Association, said they saw potential in Makgoga when he joined them. “We had to develop him further and guide him in the right direction,” Mdhluli said. “We make sure that we support them all the way, teach them the laws of the game and groom them on how to behave on the field. When he joined us from Limpopo this year, we knew we had a gem.”