EYEBROWS were raised when Luvo Manyonga quit the University of Pretoria and trekked to Port Elizabeth. Some stopped just short of predicting his downfall, as sceptics felt the Olympic long jump gold medallist may be tempted to return to old ways in familiar surroundings at Nelson Mandela University. But Manyonga continues to impress, setting new records with ever-improving performances in the sandpit. “The year has been good so far,” said Manyonga on the back of his triumph at the Diamond League event in London, England, at the weekend. The 27-year-old leapt to an incredible 8.58m Diamond League record, equalling his season’s best jump of 8.58m recorded in Rome two months ago. His countryman and friend, Ruswahl Samaai, was second in London. “How have I managed to be consistent in my performance throughout the season? It’s down to my training,” Manyonga explained. “My training programme has been quite intense. I’ve also stayed disciplined. I like performing on the big stage.” Already there are expectations for more success by the world champion as he heads to Lagos for the 21st African Senior Championships next month. Samaai will travel to Nigeria as the African champion from 2016, while Manyonga was the runner-up at the previous continental championships. And what would a major tournament be without pressure on Manyonga to entertain the crowd? “I’m so excited,” he said. “But more important, I just want to represent my country, try and improve the African record and beat my own personal best.” He seems to hit his stride at London events, where he first won the event at the 2017 World Championships with a leap of 8.48m‚ claimed the World Cup competition with an 8.51m effort and on Sunday cleared 8.58m. “The last tour will be the IAAF Continental Cup in Ostrava (Czech Republic) in September, when I slow down a bit for the 2018 season. “I will then start training in earnest again in October and continue in November as I start preparing for the 2019 World Championships. Then my season will be complete.” By the looks of things, Manyonga is likely to face his biggest challenge from the formidable Juan Miguel Echevarria of Cuba in the Diamond League in Zurich, Switzerland, and in the Continental Cup in Ostrava.