President Cyril Ramaphosa has arrived in Nigeria for a
Working Visit. During the visit
the President will meet with his counterpart, the President of Nigeria
Muhammadu Buhari. At the invitation of President Buhari, President
Ramaphosa will also participate in the 2018 Annual Meeting and 25th Anniversary
Celebrations of the African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank). "As the continent’s two largest economies, South
Africa and Nigeria enjoy good political, economic and social relations formally
established in 1994, immediately after South Africa’s first democratic
elections. "While in Nigeria, it is expected that the two
Presidents will discuss a wide range of bilateral, continental and global
issues of common concern. Peace, stability and continental integration will
feature prominently in their discussions," said spokesperson to the
president Khusela Diko. Formal relations between South Africa and Nigeria have
been conducted through the Bi-National Commission (BNC), established in 1999 as
a structured bilateral mechanism to promote political, economic, social,
cultural, scientific and technical cooperation between the two countries. The BNC has over the years deepened and solidified the
relations between the two countries, and laid the foundation for increased
bilateral political and economic cooperation. Bilateral cooperation has been enhanced over the years to
the extent that there are thirty-four (34) signed bilateral agreements between
the two countries which cover various areas such as arts and culture,
education, agriculture, trade and investment, mining, defence, policing,
immigration, taxation, science and technology, health, tourism, environment and
energy amongst others. South Africa and Nigeria also enjoy strong economic
cooperation demonstrated by the increasing trade and investment flows between
the two sister Republics. "For example, South Africa exported goods valued at
R6, 4 billion in 2016 while Nigerian exports to South Africa totalled R30, 4
billion. In 2017, South African exports were valued at R5, 7 billion against
R22, 8 billion imports from Nigeria. Nigeria enjoys a huge trade deficit due to
the increasing South African importation of petroleum products," said
Diko. There are over 120 South African companies currently
doing business in Nigeria in various sectors, mainly in telecommunications,
banking, retail, hospitality, mining, tourism, agriculture and construction and
tourism. Some of the South African companies that have invested in Nigeria
include MTN, Multichoice, Stanbic Bank, Shoprite Checkers, South African
Airways, Sasol and Bon Hotels, to mention a few. President Ramaphosa is accompanied by the Ministers of
Defence  and Military Veterans; Energy,
Police and Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry.