NEW Maritzburg United skipper, Siyanda Xulu, reckons his young teammates have come of age and believes they will absorb the pressure that is bound to result from their achievements of last season. The 26-year-old has been given the task of wearing the armband after the departure of Bevan Fransman to Highlands Park in June. Said Xulu: “It will not be easy to emulate the class of 2017 and achieve everything they achieved. But I feel that we could do even better this season if we continue working as a team. “Pressure is the name of the game and the young group we have has matured enough now to absorb any kind of pressure that comes this way. “They are men now and no longer boys.” Last season was a fairytale one for the Team of Choice, who got to play in a domestic cup final for the first time. They first made it to the MTN8 semifinals early in the season but they lost to eventual champions SuperSport United, and then lost by a single goal to Free State Stars in the Nedbank Cup final later in the season. They also finished fourth in the Absa Premiership standings, their highest ever finish in the league. In the coming season many responsibilities will rest in Xulu’s shoulders as the captain. He says he is ready for the responsibility, although he admits to being shocked when he was chosen as team leader. “First, I would like to say I’m honoured to have been given such a big responsibility by the club. I didn’t expect it after such a short stay at the club, but I guess my experience is the reason they opted for me. “I understand that a lot will be resting on my shoulders, but working together as a team will make my job easier. Pressure is something I have come to know well in my career. I have played for big clubs before and I know how to deal with pressure. “I still maintain that we have a capable squad and can do better next season. Without putting pressure on the guys, some silverware would be good for us,” he added. Xulu also welcomed his former Kaizer Chiefs teammate Keagan Buchanan, who signed for the club last week. He said the midfielder could revive his career at the club just like Xulu has done since joining them last season.