 AFTER the protracted courtroom Ndorogate scandal that left Premier Soccer League officials with major headaches and fans with more questions than answers, the upcoming 2018/19 season couldn’t have chosen a humdinger of a match to reignite the excitement of the supporters. The defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns’ opening game against Kaizer Chiefs will set the ball rolling for what’s expected to be one hell of a season for the league and their newly-branded sponsors, Absa. There’s always drama and fireworks when the two giants of SA football clash. It was the same last Saturday in the off-season Shell Helix Ultra Cup when the Brazilians romped home with a 2-0 victory. It might have been a friendly match, but tension was so high and a lot was at stake.Come Sunday, and none of the two clubs will want to lose an opening game. Without doubt, the two coaches want to start the new campaign on a high. The beef between the two clubs will be spiced up by Khama Billiat’s move to Chiefs. Ramahlwe Mphahlele and Leonardo Castro are some of the former Sundowns players who joined Chiefs. In other games on Saturday, Orlando Pirates, who finished strongly last season, will be looking to shift into a higher gear against newcomers Highlands Park at Orlando Stadium. Highlands have made a number of impressive signings who will want to prove a point against Pirates. Under Micho Sredejovic, Pirates have shown huge improvement and will pose serious danger to all the teams. Sredejovic is assisted by the fast-maturing Rhulani Mokwena and the two have brought back smiles on Pirates supporters’ faces. Black Leopards will also attract a lot of attention when they host Polokwane City on the same day. On Sunday, Bloemfontein Celtic, who are reported to be getting sold, host Chippa United who went on a shopping spree in the off-season. The KZN derby between Maritzburg United and Golden Arrows will also be entertaining. Maritzburg were the toast of the season last term under young coach, Fadlu Davids. It will be interesting to watch how the Venda-based team performs in the wilderness. 