MAMELODI Sundowns captain Hlompho Kekana reckons Bafana Bafana will benefit more if players plying their trade abroad were able to stay there for longer than five years to establish themselves. In recent times SA players have struggled to adapt abroad, often opting to return home to play in the Absa Premiership. The latest player to do so is Bafana midfielder and Kekana’s new teammate, Andile Jali, who left Belgian side KV Oostende after just three years to join Sundowns. Another player who could be heading home is former Cape Town City captain Lebogang Manyama, who has struggled to cement a regular place in the lineup at Turkish club Atiker Konyaspor since joining them last year. Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs are rumoured to be interested in his services. Other players who recently returned from abroad after short stints are Tefu Mashamaite (BK Hacken in Sweden – stayed for only the 2015-16 season); Mandla Masango (Randers FC, Denmark – 2015 to 2017); and Mark Mayambela (Djurgardens, Sweden – stayed for 11 months). Said Kekana: “If you look back at successful Bafana teams, most of the squad were plying their trade overseas. Their experience helped the team win Afcon and qualify for major tournaments. “That could happen again if we had more players abroad. That is where we are lacking at the moment. We need players playing in European leagues so they can share their experience with us.” The midfielder was also asked whether former teammate Percy Tau has what it takes to emulate the likes of Quinton Fortune, Steven Pienaar, Sibusiso Zuma and Thulani Serero, who made an impact abroad and had prolonged stays at their respective clubs. Tau, current PSL Footballer of the Season, joined English Premier League side Brighton and Hove Albion last week. Kekana believes Tau has a strong heart and has what it takes to make it in England. He said: “In my years working with him I saw a determined, hardworking young man. He is focused and hates failing. That is why when he came back to Sundowns from his loan spell at Witbank Spurs he became a better player. “He has a strong heart and knows what he wants to achieve in life. With all that in mind, I see him succeeding overseas.” Added Kekana: “The country needs him to succeed so that he can become a better player for the national team. Bafana need more players like him to go out there – but not just for the sake of it. “We need them to establish themselves overseas and gain all the experience they can for the future of Bafana.”