KE Yona Team Search coach Ephraim “Shakes” Mashaba hopes the remaining 23 players will draw a lot of inspiration from last year’s captain Bongani Mbuli, who recently joined reigning Nedbank Cup champions Free State Stars. Mbuli, who spent last season in the National First Division playing for Cape Town All Stars and Super Eagles, joined Ea Lla Koto on a two-year deal. The Ke Yona coaches – Mashaba, Khabo Zondo and Mike Mangena – began their search for talent in March this year with tryouts in five provinces where hundreds of aspiring footballers were put through their paces. Now their search is edging closer to the end, with only 23 players left. Mashaba is hoping that the remaining players, who are expected back in camp next month for the final preparations, will come back motivated and will draw inspiration from the likes of Mbuli and Bongani Sam (Highlands Park). The duo have gone from being part of last year’s team to now signing professional contracts with Absa Premiership sides. Said Mashaba: “We always motivate them by mentioning past players we had who are now making waves in the PSL, like Aubrey Modiba. “We have been producing players for PSL teams. “We hope that will play a huge role in motivating them.” The Team Search campaign is in its final phase, where another five players must fall by the wayside before the final 18 get to face 2018 Nedbank Cup champions Free State Stars in September. “Now we are at the stage where we do not want to be coaches. Cutting down the squad from 23 to the final team is never an easy task. It will be very challenging because all of them are good,” said Mashaba. Earlier this week the team played two friendly matches against ABC Motsepe League side Baberwa FC and the University of Pretoria’s Under-19 team. The former Bafana Bafana mentor admits the boys have been impressive and is confident about their chances. “We’ve selected what we’ve been looking for,” he added. “We got all the players we needed – players who are physically and mentally strong, as well as creative in attack.”