Brand new local drama The Herd is set to premier this Sunday on Mzansi Magic, bringing an enigmatic supernatural storyline to the screens. The Herd will explore the extent to which people will go to obtain their heart’s desires where love, power and the pursuit of material wealth can drive a man to sacrifice his soul. Twenty-eight years ago, Bhekisizwe Mthethwa, played by the legendary Sello Maake Ka Ncube, was fired from his job at a butchery due to his leg injury. With no job and a hungry wife and baby, Bheki sought out the guidance of the local witch MaMngadi, portrayed by the returning Winnie Ntshaba, who promised him a bright future if he was willing to make a great sacrifice. When we meet Bheki in the present, he’s married to MaMngadi with three more children, Muzi, played by Sparky Xulu, Nkosana, portrayed by Paballo Mavundla and Dumazile, played by Cindy Mahlangu. Soon, we realise that Bheki’s big sacrifice still weighs heavily on his soul and when he chooses the successor to his cattle business, viewers get to see a family at odds and siblings in a rivalry as they go into battle over what each believes to be rightfully theirs. “Sacrifice is at the heart of many human stories, particularly when looking at the family structure. It’s the man’s responsibility to take care of his loved ones and sometimes the pressure of supporting the family can drive a man to the edges of darkness. "The Herd is essentially about that: the sacrifices we make for love,” said Director of Local Entertainment Channels at M-Net, Reneilwe Sema. Joining the cast of this compelling series are young exciting actors Zethu Dhlomo, playing the tough and gifted gunslinger, Lwandle; Sihle Ndaba as Bheki’s golden child, Kayise; Tiisetso Thoka as the Mthethwa’s leading herdsman, Dingane and the experienced Peter Mashigo as the troubled alcoholic, Magubane. How many sacrifices does it take to hold on to what we treasure the most? Can true love overcome supernatural powers? Tune into Mzansi Magic (DStv Channel 161) on Sunday, 8 July at 20:00 to find out.  