IT WOULD be convenient to pigeonhole Amajimbos’s setback in the Under-17 Cosafa Championships as yet another disappointment by a national team. But such a conclusion would be misguided, as it would overshadow the positives and efforts of the U-17 youngsters, who have just been introduced to international football. For the record, Amajimbos lost narrowly 1-0 to Angola in the final of the regional championships in Mauritius on Sunday, thus missing out on the Africa Under-17 Cup of Nations to be played in Tanzania next year. Yet, as far as youth development is concerned, can Molefi Ntseki rightly believe he is on the right track? As coach of the U-17 team, Ntseki is responsible for giving youngsters to their first taste of international football. And unlike Stuart Baxter, he does not have the luxury of picking experienced players from the professional leagues. Whereas the Bafana Bafana coach can afford to scout potential internationals overseas, Ntseki has to work with adolescents going through puberty and often juggling schoolwork. “It was just unfortunate that we did not win this match. We were looking forward to Peru (World Cup) via Tanzania, because that was the ultimate prize,” said Ntseki of the defeat. “They did their best, they tried very hard. Unfortunately it was not our day. We could not win the final. It was not meant to be. “But I think the future looks very good for us with what we have in the Under-17s. If you look at the Under-20 boys, they have been doing very well for the last three years. They’ve qualified for every Afcon tournament and have also been to the World Cup. “Some of the boys who went to the 2015 U-17 World Cup, are now in the U-20 team. They played a very important role against Malawi to qualify for the U-20 Afcon. One of them, Thabiso Monyane, contributed a goal. I think we have a good conveyer belt going in terms of us unearthing talent in the junior team.” Ntseki admits nerves may have got the better of his fresh-faced youngsters: “We had a very good plan for the game. But in this age group, you still struggle with mental and physical endurance. You know there will be mistakes from the 15 and 16-year-olds. They are not full time professionals.”