URUGUAYAN star Gaston Sirino is being tasked with the responsibility of reviving Mamelodi Sundowns’ hopes of winning their second Caf Champions League title. The dazzling midfielder takes over from the stars of last season Percy Tau and Khama Billiat, who have left the Brazilians. Billiat joined rivals Kaizer Chiefs, while last season’s Footballer of the Year, Tau, signed for English Premiership outfit Brighton & Hove Albion FC. Sirino played his best ever game in the Tshwane giants shirt when he scored and made an assist for Sibusiso Vilakazi in a man-of-the-match showing against Togo-Port Lome in their Champions League Group C 2-1 win at the Lucas Moripe Stadium, in Atteridgeville, on Friday night. The Brazilians boosted their chances of qualifying to the knockout stages with their first win of the competition. They were level on five points with logleaders and holders Wydad Casablanca of Morroco and Horoya of Guinea. Wydad and Horoya played each other in Morocco late last night. The Tshwane giants’ next Champions League game is against the holders on 17 August in Casablanca. They played to a 1-1 draw in Tshwane in the group’s opening game. Mosimane is targeting a second place finish in this tightly contested group. The former Bafana Bafana coach said the 27-year-old is now the new talisman. Mosimane said Sirino’s best is yet to come. Mosimane said: “He has to carry the team in his tiny shoulders. Percy and Khama are gone. I’ve been waiting for this performance, it’s his kind of a game, he turned it on from the first minute. “He gets his confidence and he’s slowly adjusting to the way we play. We’ve been waiting for someone to carry the team and he’s raising his hand. He is going to be our star, who will run the show for us this season.”I hope he carries the team he is capable of doing that and he can win the Champions League for us.” Mosimane said one thing that Sirino has to work on is to avoid making too many chances and shoot as he can score many goals. Mosimane added that he’s focusing more on the last group game at home against Horoya on 28 August. He said: “We dominated the Togo team and missed a lot of chances and we could have easily paid the prize. We will qualify we have only been back for pre-season for four weeks.” 