PUTCO bus commuters in KwaNdebele, Mpumalanga were dispersed with rubber bullets by cops on Monday. This was as they attempted to prevent buses from leaving the depot in the morning. The commuters said the bus company increased fares without consulting them. They vowed not to use the buses until the 6% fare hike was removed. But Putco said it had no choice but to raise fares because the government had not increased its subsidy. Leah Masango, commuter committee co-ordinator, said the increase was the second this year. She said the company initially wanted to increase fares by 14%, which the commuters rejected. It finally settled on a 8% hike. Leah said the bus company was trying to take them for a ride as adding another 6% brought the increase to 14%, which they had initially rejected. “We won’t allow the recent fare increase. “If it continues with the increment, it should no longer operate in our area. We will find alternative means of transport,” she said. Putco director Andrew Sefala said the increase came after government reduced its subsidy, saying there wasn’t enough money. He said therefore it was impossible to retract the 6% increase. “We have been patient for the past seven years, waiting for a subsidy increment from government. “Nothing has happened. We increased fares to meet our other responsibilities.” Commuters said they used buses because they earned so little in the first place that they couldn’t afford to pay any more for transport. Simon Masemola (49) and Lindiwe Mashiyane (47) claim they were shot at by cops with rubber bullets. They said the police didn’t even bother to take them to hospital. Domestic worker Nomsa Mtsweni (49) said she wouldn’t be able to afford the increase. “If this continues my family will have to go hungry,” she said. Sefala said they had requested a meeting with the commuters’ representatives at their offices but they refused, calling for a venue of their choice. Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said a case was opened. He said the case would be investigated by the Independent Police Investigative Directorate.