JUST 10 years ago, Manelisi “Leli” Mbilase was on top of the world. But on Friday, the former South African featherweight champion’s life ended in a humiliating way. THE 42-YEAR-OLD DIED IN HOSPITAL AFTER BEING BEATEN BY AN ANGRY MOB ACCUSING HIM OF LEADING A GANG! Angry residents of Mdantsane NU3, near East London, were about to set Mbilase alight when he was rescued by cops. However, police spokesman Captain Mluleki Mbi told Daily Sun he later died in hospital from his injuries. Residents said Mbilase was the leader of a small group of gangsters from NU1 who robbed train commuters in NU3. On the day of the incident, he was accused of robbing two women on their way to work. Mbilase and two other men allegedly pointed knives at the women and grabbed their bags. One of the women had R2 000 on her, which she was taking to her stokvel. A witness said residents were woken at about 6am by two women screaming for help. He said he rushed outside and found a man chasing the two robbers. “There were three tsotsis. Two were already far away but Mbilase was running into nearby bushes to hide a bag,” he said. The witness said Mbilase was bust while changing his clothes in the bush. “That was when the beating started. People were so angry they wanted him dead on the spot. What angered residents most is that these tsotsis left their own area to come here and rob people.” A resident said the people beating Mbilase were mostly women. She said the people who were robbed were also usually women. “Now that we have started, we will continue beating those who rob us. We are tired of being scared to go to work,” she said. The woman who was robbed of R2 000 said Mbilase’s friends managed to get away with her money. She said she was paid the week before, which was why she had the money to give to her stokvel. Captain Mbi confirmed two women were robbed on their way to work. “The suspect was severely assaulted by the community. As a result of the assault, he was admitted to Cecilia Makiwane Hospital. He died in hospital,” he said. Former IBF featherweight world champion Vuyani “The Beast” Bhungu said lack of fights for Leli destroyed his dreams. “Leli was a disciplined boxer who was living a clean life. I think he started boxing during the wrong era,” he said.