MAMELODI Sundowns helped themselves to the Shell Helix Ultra Cup full tank as the Brazilians didn’t run out of fuel at the FNB Stadium yesterday. The Tshwane based side turned on the style to defeat rivals Kaizer Chiefs 2-1 to lift the inaugural pre-season one day tournament at the Fifa 2010 World Cup Stadium. New Zealander Jeremy Brockie’s tap in eight minutes into the second half and Themba Zwane sublime finish on the stroke of full time delivered the petrol for the Brazilians. It was a question of which team had more gas in their legs and the boys from Tshwane won that race. Substitute Bernard Parker grabbed a consolation goal with virtually the last kick of the game. The two teams’ pumped fuel, but it was the Brazilians that lifted the trophy in the first edition of the petroleum giants’ first involvement in South African football. Amakhosi featured in their first pre-season tournament in the Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup in the North West a week ago. They successfully defended their title in that one day tournament with a 6-5 penalty shoot-out victory after their game against Free State Stars ended in a 1-1 draw after regulation time. The Brazilians were beaten 1-0 by Togolese outfit Togo-Port in Lome in their Caf Champions League campaign last week. It was their first pre-season match just few days from their return from West Africa. The organizers struggled to sell tickets as a disappointing crowd of 28 000 showed up at the 90 000 capacity stadium. The last time the two teams met in the Premiership encounter at the same stadium earlier in the year, they made history when they sold more than 70 000 tickets for a league game. Soweto giants assistant coach Patrick Mabedi was on the bench deputizing for the newly appointed head coach Giovanni Solinas as the Italian is still waiting for his work permit. Khama Billiat, who jumped ship to join Amakhosi few weeks ago, faced his team for the first time since his departure. Lyle Lakay, who joined the Tshwane based outfit from Cape Town City, was also given a run. There was not much happening in terms of goal mouth action in the first half. Billiat saw his goal bound effort cleared off the line by the lanky Ivorian defender Soumahoro Bangaly two minutes before the interval. That was the closest that anyone got to finding the back of the net in an uninspiring opening half. Both teams changed their kit during the half-time break. Amakhosi were wearing yellow and emerged from the tunnel in the second period in royal purple, while the Brazilians switched from white to their traditional yellow jersey. The crowd was happy to see the two teams showcasing their new home and away kit in the same game. Brockie tucked home a rebound to open the scoring eight minutes into the second period after Anthony Laffor’s effort hit the post. The goal breathed life into the match.