KHURISHI Mphahlele flashes a big smile as he stands and applauds a brilliant goal. The Baroka FC boss is among the hundreds of spectators getting served up a good brand of kasi football as dished out by the senior teams of La Macia and The Rock at the Maimane Alfred Phiri (MAP) Games at Rotary Sports Grounds in Alexandra. Like many others, Mphahlele is impressed by the equalising goal as La Macia fight back. Unfortunately the solitary goal is not enough and they lose 3-1, an outcome which isn’t quite a true reflection of the entertaining seniors match. But as has been the norm at this celebrated tournament this year, results hardly reflect the close contest between teams. “This is what keeps us coming back here every year,” says the brimming Mphahlele. “What we see here is a brand of truly South African football. It’s what attracts these fans to these games. I’ve seen quality players come out of this tournament several times. Even professional clubs scout and recruit players at these Games. “I’m also looking at potential recruits for the coming PSL season.” Although they lost their Last 16 round fixture on Saturday, La Macia certainly bowed out with their heads high. Those who followed the progress of the team from Westbury will agree the budding professionals demonstrated a competitive spirit. This was also the case for JT Black Stars, who edged the vaunted Moretele All Stars in another clash on the day. In the day’s other games, United FC thumped Chego while ComeBack Boys got the better of Skomboys. Grandiose, Dalmany Young Chiefs, Mighty Birds, Mamba XI, Juventus, Baroka, Soweto Super United and Newcastle Homeboys were involved in the other Last 16 round of matches yesterday. The quarterfinals and semifinals will be played this coming weekend, with the finals scheduled for 22 July. These Games are a special treat for the fans, who brave the cold weather to flock to the dusty grounds on weekends. Many are mere spectators, not associated with any of the teams. There is neither the usual sound of vuvuzelas nor passionate singing from the multitudes surrounding the pitch. Their allegiance switches with every good passage of play, the “tsamayas” and the countless back heels. They whistle, cheer and applaud the exciting talent, appreciating what they call pure kasi football without the inhibitions of technical intricacies. It’s been like this ever since the MAP Games organisers decided to add the seniors category to the popular winter tournament. The juniors finals have already been wrapped up. It now remains to be seen who will walk away with this year’s R175 000 in prize money.