BAROKA FC captain Letladi Madubanya is convinced that their new coach, Wedson Nyirenda, will take the Ga-Mphahlele side to new heights when the 2018-19 Absa Premiership season starts next month. Madubanya praised chairman Khurishi Mphahlele for having an eye for talent and making great decisions in the name of steering Baroka to the top. Nyirenda, former head coach of Zambia’s Chipolopolo, teamed up with Baroka on a two-year contract two months ago and has impressed Madubanya. “Wedson is a great coach,” he said. “I am confident we will achieve all our goals this season. He’s an exceptional coach to work under and his relationship with players is that of a father and son. “He treats everyone equal. I see a great future for the club with him in charge. “The mood in the camp is amazing now, we can’t wait for the league to start. We are a big, united family.” Nyirenda, who played for Kaizer Chiefs in the 1990s, is well known in southern Africa for turning struggling teams into championship material. He did that with Zambian Premier League side Zesco United FC, leading them to the 2008-09 league title and repeated the feat with Zenaco FC the following season. Nyirenda joined Mozambican outfit Ferroviario Da Beira in the 2015-16 season, winning the championship for them for the first time in 92 years. “You look at his CV and the teams he coached – he has done well. He has won trophies and I am expecting him to do the same with us,” said Madubanya, former Bloemfontein Celtic, Bidvest Wits and Platinum Stars defender. “He wants players who want to work hard for their team and who are ambitious.” Madubanya, who have won the Absa Premiership title twice with SuperSport United between 2008 and 2011, said even their new players have already adapted well and felt at home. “I can promise our fans that they will see a different Baroka this season, one that will make them happy,” he said. “Gone are those days of fighting relegation.” Baroka will take part in the inaugural Limpopo Soccer Legacy Spectacular at Giyani Stadium on Sunday, where they will meet National First Division side Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila in the second semifinal (12pm). Black Leopards will open proceedings against ABC Motsepe side Ndengeza FC at 10am.