Police say a man was shot and killed by a group of gunmen outside Newclare Primary School, in the west of Johannesburg, on Tuesday afternoon. Sophiatown police spokesperson Jerbes de Bruin said the incident happened just after 14:00. "The man was on his way to fetch his child at school when a group of suspects fired several shots at his car. They then fled the scene," De Bruin said. He said community members "loaded him in a car and rushed him to hospital" where he died. According to residents, after the gunmen fled the scene one of them was later gunned down a few blocks away. De Bruin confirmed the shooting but said police could not link the two incidents as yet. "There was a shooting where a second person died, but we can't link the two. It will be part of an investigation." No arrests have been made for either of the shooting incidents. A local, who asked not be named, told News24 that he saw the man every day as he picked his child up from school. "It is very bad what happened here. People are being shot almost every second day in this area (Newclare). This shooting happened right in front of a primary school. Look at all the children playing in the streets," the man said. No arrests have been made. The Gauteng Department of Education also confirmed the incident and said they were relieved to report that no child was harmed in the process. "Our team, will tomorrow, 25 July 2018, visit the said school, to provide necessary counselling to educators and learners," department spokesperson Steve Mabona said in a statement. The department also learned with shock and sadness of the death of a Grade 12 learner at Diversity High School in Johannesburg, who died after being knocked down by a car on Tuesday. "According to information at our disposal, the said learner had just stepped out of the school bus and tried to cross the road when he was unfortunately hit by a car," Mabona said. "An ambulance, metro police and parents of the learner were called to the scene. Subsequently, the learner was taken to hospital, where he later passed on." Mabona said that counselling has been arranged for all affected learners and educators and that the department will also provide necessary support to the family. "MEC Panyaza Lesufi sent condolences to the family, friends and the school community of the said learner. https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/man-shot-dead-in-front-of-newclare-primary-school-20180724