HE ACCUSED his wife of being unfaithful but worse than that, he believed he was not the biological father of their children. First he allegedly tried to kill her. And when she ran away to look for help, he turned on the children. ON SATURDAY MORNING HE ALLEGEDLY HACKED THE THREE BOYS TO DEATH. His brother, Daniel Madou (59) said the family believed the father (43) was planning to kill his wife Rendani Madou, their three sons Tshilidzi (7), Thai (6) and Olugaho (2), and then kill himself. The horrible incident happened on Saturday morning at about 2am. The suspect, from Manyii Village outside Makhado, Limpopo accused his wife of cheating and said he was not the biological father of the three children. “He started chasing his wife with a sharp object but she managed to escape and ran outside to look for help,” said Daniel. “I tried to phone him after I heard he had attacked his wife but he didn’t answer his phone. I rushed to his house and couldn’t believe what I saw. I found him standing on the doorstep with a bloody panga in his hands. He said he had killed his children and I should call the police.” The family is struggling to believe the children are dead. Daniel said the suspect was with his father on Friday, a day before the incident, and complained that he heard people speaking at night outside his house who wanted to burn him. The children’s mother, Rendani, who was too shocked to speak to the SunTeam, is receiving counselling from government social workers. Makhado mayor Shonisani Sinyosi met Rendani, the mother of the three children, yesterday and passed on condolences to the Madou family. “We are here to support the family during this difficult time,” she said. “We also call on the entire community to pray for them and give them the necessary support during the funeral arrangements.” The mayor also pleaded with residents to stop spreading wrong information about the incident on social media. The suspect faces three counts of murder which are still being investigated. He will appear in the Dzanani Magistrates Court soon. Limpopo police commissioner General Nneke Ledwaba condemned the domestic killings and attacks taking place in some areas of Limpopo. “We are calling on members of the community who have social problems to consult their local authorities for intervention rather than taking the lives of others, especially those of vulnerable groups,” Ledwaba said.