A FAMILY is reeling after two attacks within days of each
other left six of its members dead, including a 97-year-old gogo. They are also damning of local cops, who they say failed
to protect them even though police were alerted to the danger hours before the
deadly attacks. According to The
Namibian, the first attack took place last Monday in Rundu in the far north
of Namibia. Jesah Gabriel Tjunda (20) allegedly slaughtered five family
members. The report is unclear about the circumstances, although Tjunda’s
mum and sister had apparently raised the alarm with the cops before the
bloodbath. They allege that cops failed to respond to their calls
for help. The second attack on a different branch of the same
family took place last Wednesday in Uukwiyu-Ushona, another remote village
about 475kms away from Rundu. In this tragedy, Kambenge Johannes (97) lost her life
when she was allegedly attacked by neighbour Mabelane Mabele Bishop (29), who
was armed with an axe. Her heartbroken daughter, Felisimina Sakaria told The Namibian that she had just checked
on her mum in her hut to make sure she was warm in the cold night. Then she
heard screams. “I went to see if it was a fire, but I did not see any
flames. I then thought it was my neighbour fighting with her children again,”
she said. Later she found out that Bishop was allegedly attacking
his own mum and brother. Then she realised her mum’s hut was now under attack. “I then heard three loud thuds, followed by a scream. At
that moment, I knew something bad had happened,” she sobbed. Felisimina’s hubby, Barakias Lot (72) rushed to help and
Bishop allegedly fled. Felisimina discovered her mum in a pool of blood with
three axe wounds. “I called out her name and she gave her last breath.
Mother did not deserve to die in such a way,” she said. Neighbour Rosalia Kambode called the cops to tell them
that Bishop was on the rampage at about 7.30pm. They only arrived at 9.30pm. Felisimina said: “My mother would still be alive if they
had responded immediately”. Bishop was allegedly a mental health patient who had been
off medication after running away from home nine months ago. He was arrested and appeared in the Ondangwa Magistrate's
Court on Friday, according to the report.