The Nelson Mandela Foundation in partnership with Habitat for Humanity SA and the Department of Human Settlements is honouring Tata Madiba’s legacy by building 100 homes for 100 families across 3 provinces namely the Western Cape, Gauteng & KwaZulu-Natal provinces. Western Cape’s biggest sports teams, DHL Western Province Rugby, Cape Town City Football Club, and the World Sports Betting Cape Cobras Cricket team, will also collectively roll up their sleeves on Wednesday as they aim to honour Nelson Mandela’s legacy to assist the Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) and Habitat for Humanity SA in the Cape Town house-build week from 16 – 20 July 2018. The three Western Cape sports brands will be in Bardale, Mfuleni, 30km from Cape Town on Mandela Day, where they will be assisting the Habitat for Humanity SA volunteers and Sbu-Leno Construction with constructing external and internal walls, mixing cement, moving blocks and interacting with the community. Cape Town City FC Chairman, John Comitis is proud to have his club involved. “This initiative is a fantastic idea, with the energy of Optimize Agency bringing together three major sporting brands in the Western Cape. This initiative unifies us, putting us all under one roof in honour of the biggest unifier of them all, Nelson Mandela.” Beresford Williams, Chairman of Western Cape Cricket believes that this is merely the start of something special between the three sports brands. “The collective efforts of all three brands for such a worthy cause is only the beginning of what is to come. “I know that the marketing teams of each of the brands have been speaking for a while about using our collective power to make a significant difference in people’s lives and we believe that this is merely the start of great things to come between us to ensure that we inspire the entire sporting fraternity to continue Nelson Mandela’s legacy.” The Springboks will also be joining the house build on the 18th July 2018 in Mfuleni with some of the team players, management and technical staff.  