The Anglo American Platinum's water project in Mapela has gone beyond just being essential in quenching thirst for the community. It is also vital for providing skills, creating jobs and supporting economic, social, and human development. There are processes involved in extracting water from the underground. This means the villagers of Mapela in the Mogalakwena Municipality are getting the opportunity to learn such skills through being employed in the project. BRINGING CHANGE THROUGH WATER!  Once completed, some locals are employed to be in charge of project maintenance. Other indirect jobs created are for security guards who look after the equipment at water stations. The water has also brought some life to the local economy as local farmers also use it for their crops and animals. WATCH: THIS WATER CHANGED MY LIFE! Those with bakkies are also hired to transport water for those who need it in bulk. Local building contractors were also happy because the availability of water means they will now get more building jobs. Building contractor Butler Hlongwani told Daily Sun that jobs were scarce because people who wanted to build houses also had to buy water. "This meant that sometimes we would stop work due to water shortage but this water made life easier for all of us," he said. The Anglo American Platinum project will be implemented in all the 42 villages in Mapela and at least 88 people will be permanently employed for the next 10 years. Chairman of Mapela Task Team, Michael Moseamedi, said a protest in September 2015 made the provision of water their top priority and led to the development of the water initiative. “We spoke to Anglo American Platinum and asked them to work with us to find a solution to our water crisis. This project started off with the company sending water tankers to the villages in late 2015. “We lobbied the main players and we are happy the Mapela people will never speak of thirst again,” he said. Moseamedi added that although water was top priority, job creation for locals and community empowerment was also in the list. WATCH: CLEAN WATER MAKES THEM FRESH! Anglo American Platinum partnered with the Mapela Traditional Authority, the Mogalakwena Municipality and the Mapela Task Team and Hall Core Water Mapela - a newly-formed company co-owned by the community to sustainably increase water supply in the area. Scheming village is the first community to benefit in the project.