KAIZER Chiefs fans are eager to see their new coach Giovanni Solinas on the bench at the Shell Helix Ultra Cup on Saturday – but will it happen? The Home Affairs department holds the key, as his work permit is the only delay that keep the Italian off the Chiefs bench, as he was during the Bokone Bophirima Maize Cup at the weekend. Amakhosi retained their Maize Cup trophy without the assistance of Solinas, with assistant coach Patrick Mabedi leading the club to a 6-5 penalties win against Free State Stars after a 1-1 stalemate. With the identity of the new coach revealed, organisers of the Shell Helix Cup can be assured of a reasonable crowd at FNB Stadium on Saturday (3pm) when Chiefs face Mamelodi Sundowns. The mood in the Amakhosi camp has been lifted by the arrival of the Italian and the win in Orkney on Saturday. Fans are also optimistic ahead of the 2018-19 Absa Premiership season kick-off on 4 August. Retired Malawian footballer Mabedi said they were relieved to have a head coach after the long wait. Everybody in the Amakhosi family is eager to see what Solinas will bring to Naturena. He has a reputation of being a disciplinarian and during his stint at Free State Stars he produced an exciting brand of football. Chiefs boss Bobby Motaung said they were working hard to secure Solinas’ work permit in time for the Shell Helix Cup. If they do not succeed it would mean Mabedi will be shouting instructions from the bench as well as conduct training. “My role is to serve the team and if I’m asked to continue in the next game I will do it,” Mabedi said. He expects entertaining football coupled with flair from the new coach. “I’m handing over the team to a man who will bring in his philosophy. “Fans will enjoy possession football that will help win matches and trophies. It’s a celebration in camp. The players are happy and the mentality is good. His arrival brings extra motivation.” Mabedi will be retained as part of Solinas’ technical team. Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane promised the Brazilians fans a good game. He said: “There is no friendly between Chiefs and Sundowns. We are looking forward to a big game.”