Sushi king Kenny Kunene might be done with eating sushi off half-naked women. But that does not mean it's the end of nyotaimori in
Mzansi. A Pretoria disc jockey kept the spirit of nyotaimori alive over the weekend. Nyotaimori is the Japanese term for eating sushi off a
naked woman’s body. Saturday night was famous DJ Behind Bars’ birthday and patrons packed the club in Mamelodi to join the celebrations. It soon became clear that the disk spinning 38-year-old
DJ had planned to have his cake and eat it too, even thought there was no cake
in sight. Instead the DJ turned out to be the cake when a naked
exotic dancer ate sushi of his bare chest, and he returned the favour and had
some tasty Asian tidbits of her body too. Fans and patrons said that when they arrived they were
all wondering where the cake was. Then the DJ arrived with a hot babe dressed in just her
bra and panties, but they were still left none the wiser. She danced in front of the DJ, real name Thabo Mohlare,
as he entered the club and soon people were out of their seats to see what’s
going to happen next. The dancer, who goes by the stage name Sexy Girl, then
shocked everyone as she took off her panties and threw it at a group of male
patrons. A table was put near a sofa where the woman laid the DJ
on it. Another woman wearing a sexy night dress came and put
sushi on the DJ and Sexy Girl got down to tuck in, eating all the sushi on top
of him. When she had finished, the woman lay down and the other
girl placed sushi on her. Then the DJ, to the applause of male patrons, ate
everything to the last little morsel sushi off her body. The sushi show was followed by a drunken Happy Birthday
sung by the patrons. The woman didn’t get her panties back as male patrons had
torn it apart, fighting for it. She told Daily Sun: “I’m not a magosha. I’m a dancer and
a woman who has bills to pay. Women are now claiming back and are in control of
their own bodies. “If the haters were going to pay my bills I would
consider stopping what I do,” she said. The DJ said he didn’t like normal parties and that every
year he comes up with something new. “Sexy Girl was professional and she made my party very
special,” he said. “I will hire her again,” he said. 