ENGLAND captain Harry Kane admits he’s proud to be spoken of as one of the Fifa World Cup’s biggest players in Russia. The Three Lions striker took the competition by storm after scoring five goals in his first two games to stake an early claim for the coveted Golden Boot award. But as Kane and his teammates prepare for tonight’s knockout game against Colombia at the Otkrytie Arena (8pm), he remains focused on the bigger picture – making sure England progress. “It’s what the World Cup’s all about, all the big players stepping up for their country and I’m proud to be a part of that,” admits the Tottenham Hotspur striker. “I feel confident. As a striker, when you’re scoring and the ball is going in off your heel, you just want to be on the pitch. “It was good to finish the season strongly and be able to take that into the internationals, scoring in the friendly (against Nigeria) and then in the first two games at the World Cup. “It’s now about continuing that and I’m hoping to do it over the next two, three or four games. “For me, it’s just about controlling everything I can and making sure I’m as fit, healthy and recovered as I can be for each game. “I’m coming into this match off the back of a hat-trick and it’s a very important game for us.” Since last Thursday’s final group fixture against Belgium, which saw a much-changed lineup narrowly lose 1-0, the players have been hard at work at their base camp in Repino to prepare for Colombia, also known as the Coffee Growers. And Kane believes everyone needs to treat the competition differently now the knockout stages are looming. “We’ve had a great start and won the first two games but the tournament starts again now and this is the business end,” he said. “We’ll just focus on getting through and finding a way to win. We can’t look too far ahead, it’s one game at a time. “We haven’t been great over the years at doing that, so now it’s an opportunity to put that one right. “We have a lot of confidence, it’s just about focusing on what we can do. “We can’t take anything for granted, we’ve got to focus on ourselves and the way we’ve been playing and what we’ve been doing well. “Colombia are a tough team and have some great players. “The first job is done and now it’s about whether we can win knockout matches.” Meanwhile, David Ospina believes the Colombia team to confront England are better than the one that reached the World Cup quarterfinals four years ago and will be lifted by the backing of about 40000 supporters in Moscow. Jose Pekerman’s team were inspired by James Rodríguez before being eliminated by the hosts, Brazil, in 2014. The Bayern Munich forward, on loan from Real Madrid, expects to feature at some stage at Spartak Stadium after scans on the leg injury he sustained against Senegal revealed he had not suffered a muscle tear. The Arsenal goalkeeper told the Guardian in London that he was confident England could be beaten to force passage into the Last 8: “We are a better team than four years ago. We are together. We have experience and good quality. We always give everything for our country. It’s such an honour to play for Colombia.” In their five meetings, Colombia have not won a match against England and would be hoping for a change in fortunes. The Colombians didn’t start the Russia showpiece well, losing by an odd goal to Japan, but they recovered fully and beat Poland (3-0) and Senegal (1-0) to secure their Last 16 berth.