NOW that he has broken his goal-scoring duck at Mamelodi Sundowns, Jeremy Brockie says the goals will start flowing. His immediate target is the Caf Champions League, where Sundowns seem to teeter on the brink of disaster. The Brazilians sit at the bottom of Group C with two points from three matches as they head into their crucial fixture against Togo-Port at Lucas Moripe Stadium tomorrow (9pm). Anything less than victory over the Togolese could just about end their Caf campaign, as they would be relying on results elsewhere to go through. But in Brockie, Pitso Mosimane could have the key to unlock Togo-Port’s mean defence, which frustrated the Brazilians in Lome in their away game last week. The towering Kiwi has netted his first goal for Sundowns since then, however, in a match of no consequence against Kaizer Chiefs, which Downs won 2-1 to clinch the Shell Ultra Cup last week. “It’s been a long time coming, now people can stop asking ‘when will it happen’,” said Brockie with a chuckle. “I feel like that’s the start of the good season ahead, to do it in front of 50 000-odd fans and lift a trophy at the end of it. The coach has spoken about making changes to the team that played against Chiefs for the Togo-Port match. It’s up to us, the players, to put up our hands, take the opportunity and get our names into his thought process when it comes to the match against Togo-Port. “Hopefully I’ve done that and if I do get an opportunity on Friday, I feel goals will start coming now that the first one has hit the back of the net.” Brockie is not shy and performed admirably for former team SuperSport United when they reached the 2017 Caf Confederation Cup final. The New Zealand international is quite familiar with the treacherous conditions of Caf competitions and knows what it takes to turn a seemingly dire situation around. “Playing on the continent you sometimes have to move away from your normal style and adjust to what’s put in front of you. As an attacking player, I have to position myself in the box and put away the chances. We had a lot of chances in Togo to put the game away. They got one, punished us and sat back for the rest of the game.”