IT IS always done the same way. Force the vehicle to a standstill, blow open the truck, take the money and run. But this time the guards fought back and forced the thugs to run. THEY LEFT BEHIND A FAILED MISSION AND THE BODY OF A FELLOW THUG. In the cash-in-transit robbery that went wrong, one suspected thug died, two guards were injured and a woman in a taxi was caught in the crossfire. It appears the thug was killed when the explosives detonated at the wrong time. The vehicle was not blown apart. National police spokesman Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo said the suspects who fled the scene following a shoot-out during the robbery are still at large. An AK47 rifle was recovered from the scene, next to the dead suspect. “During the robbery, one suspect died from the explosives used to gain access to the armoured vehicle. Three others were injured,” he said. Naidoo said the guards should be applauded for their bravery and for putting their lives in danger. “These guards did a tremendous job by fighting back,” he said. The attempted robbery happened yesterday in Boksburg, Ekurhuleni not far from the place where two armoured vehicles were bombed in previous months. Heists have been in the spotlight in Mzansi recently following a rise in cash-in-transit robberies. Brigadier Naidoo asked people with information to come forward and help bring the robbers to book. Meanwhile, Naidoo said 30 suspects linked to different heists around the country have been apprehended. “We are coming for all these suspects. “It’s only a matter of time until we arrest them,” he said. “Our intelligence teams are working tirelessly to identify these thugs, vetting and arresting them. “A lot has already been done,” Naidoo said. ER24 confirmed that in the latest attempt, one person was killed and three others injured. “When paramedics arrived on the scene shortly after 6am, they found a woman seated in a taxi who had sustained a gunshot wound. “She was found to be in a serious condition and taken to hospital,” said ER24 spokeswoman Ineke van Huyssteen. “Paramedics also found two security guards who were injured. One of the security guards had a gunshot wound to the hand, and the other one sustained injuries to the foot. “One of the alleged suspects was fatally wounded.” All the patients were taken to hospital for further medical care.