THE benefit of living in the modern world is knowing more about diseases and ways to treat them. But many people don’t know about hepatitis and how it gets spread. Oupa Ndlovu from Ivory Park in Ekurhuleni said: “When I first I heard that word I didn’t know what it meant.” Mpho Seanego, from Tloonanae Village, Hammanskraal, said: “ I’m not exactly sure how it works, but I understand it can develop into a liver disease.” According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), hepatitis is an inflammation of the liver. The condition doesn’t end there, it also leads to fibrosis or scarring. Fibrosis can lead to cirrhosis. Cancer may develop. The hepatitis group of viruses are one cause of liver damage. Other infections and autoimmune diseases and abuse of alcohol and certain drugs also result in liver damage. It is a group of diseases that operate in a similar way. - Hepatitis A virus (HAV) is present in the faeces of infected people and is commonly transmitted through contaminated water or food. Sex also spreads HAV. Most HAV infections are mild. Most sufferers make a full recovery and are immune to further HAV infections. HAV infection is most common in areas of poor sanitation, but safe and effective HAV vaccines exist. - Hepatitis B virus (HBV) is transmited through infected blood, semen and other body fluids. It is also passed on via used needles, which poses a risk to healthcare workers. HBV-positive mothers or relatives can infect infants at birth or early childhood. Safe and effective HBV vaccines are available. - Hepatitis C virus (HCV) is mostly transmitted through blood, improperly screened transfusions and used needles. HCV-postive mothers and relatives are also at a risk of infecting newborns and babies. Sexual transmission is possible but is less common. HCV has no vaccine. - Hepatitis D virus (HDV) only infects those who are already HBV-positive, but this makes HDV far more dangerous. HBV vaccines also protect against HDV. - Hepatitis E virus (HEV) is mostly transmitted through contaminated water or food. HEV is a common source of the hepatitis outbreaks in developing countries, but its occurrence in the developed world is increasing at an alarming rate. Vaccines for HEV are not widely available.