LIVERPOOL striker Mohamed Salah signed a new five-year contract with the English Premier League club yesterday. The 26-year-old Egypt international joined the Reds for £34 million (more than R618m) from Roma and has scored 44 goals in 52 appearances for the club. His new deal, which runs until 2023, does not contain a release clause. “It demonstrates two things very clearly – his belief in Liverpool and our belief in him,” Liverpool coach Jurgen Klopp said in a statement. Salah was the top scorer in the Premier League last season as he netted 32 top flight goals, the most by a player in a 38-game season, to win the Golden Boot. His form also saw him win last season’s Professional Footballers’ Association Player of the Year award and the Football Writers’ Association’s Footballer of the Year. “I think this news can be seen for what it is – rewarding a person who performed and contributed greatly for the team and the club last season,” said Klopp. “We want world-class talent to see they have a home at Anfield where they can fulfil all their professional dreams and ambitions. We are working hard together to achieve this. “When someone like Mo Salah commits and says this place is my home now, it speaks very loudly, I think. “Equally, our commitment to him says we see his value and want him to grow even more and get even better within our environment.” Liverpool finished fourth in the league last season and reached the Champions League final, where they were beaten 3-1 by Real Madrid. Salah had to come off after half an hour in the final against the Spanish side following a shoulder injury due to a challenge from centre-back Sergio Ramos. The shoulder injury put his participation at the 2018 World Cup in doubt and he missed Egypt’s opening game – a 1-0 defeat to Uruguay – before starting against Russia and Saudi Arabia. Salah scored in both of those games but could not stop his country from losing and getting eliminated in the group stages of the tournament. – ADDITIONAL REPORTING BY BBC SPORT