Kaizer Chiefs are on the verge of replacing axed Steve Komphela with veteran coach, Avram Grant, who is leading the pack of favourites to take over the reins at their Naturena mansion. The 62-year-old Grant could be announced at the end of the current season as he is expected to have full pre-season training with his players and release those he deems not good enough, and recommend new quality to be signed. The former Chelsea, Portsmouth and West Ham United coach is currently in India, where he’s coaching NorthEast United FC, who are campaigning in the Indian Super League. SunSport has learnt that there has been a barrage of applications from local and international coaches, who have shown interest in the position that saw Komphela leave under a cloud. “Grant has worked in Africa before, where he wrote a successful story with Ghana, where he spent three fruitful years. He would come in handy for frustrated Chiefs,” said one source. Amakhosi general manager, Bobby “Bobsteak” Motaung, declined to share names of the coaches who have applied, but said they could have an idea on who they are eyeing before the end of the month. “We’re not in a hurry. This is a process,” he said, while denying rumours linking Grant to the vacant position. “We are yet to review and assess those applications. The season has not finished yet, hence we are taking it easy. “We don’t have deadline or set any timelines on when we should appoint a coach. But that will be before the new season starts,” he said. There has been a number of local coaches linked to the Chiefs job including Luc Eymael of Free State Stars and Eric Tinkler, ex-SuperSport United mentor. But SunSport has reliably learnt that Eymael is in fact finalising his move to SuperSport United, where he will take over next month. The highly ambitious Eymael has been forthright that he is not going to Chiefs, but emphasised fact that he was still happy at Stars. SunSport has also reliably learnt that Amakhosi bosses plan on releasing technical director, Robertus “Rob” Hutting, whom they have deemed incapable of helping the team move forward. On the players’ side, it has come to our attention that 28-year-old second choice Amakhosi goalkeeper, Brilliant Khuzwayo, will be released to Orlando Pirates, where he will jump straight into number one. According to our source, other players to be released by the club include attacking midfielder Edmore Chirambadare, midfielder Keagan Buchanan, Bhongolwethu Jayiya, Bernard Parker and Tsepo Masilela. Added the source: “Tsepo and Parker are sure cases to leave while other could still survive. What I know is that Lorenzo Gordinho will be coming back from a loan move to Bloemfontein Celtic.”