SOME of the simple things we do can wreak havoc on the body’s ability to fight off colds and flu. According to Nicole Jennings, spokeswoman for Pharma Dynamics – a leading provider of cold and flu medication – the new fad of viewing an entire TV series all at once has experts studying how binge watching TV impacts our health. The Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine found that binge watching TV can lead to chronic fatigue, which badly affects immunity. “According to the study, 52% of binge watchers viewed three to four episodes in one sitting, which lasted an average of three hours. Because most of the watching occurs in the evening, watchers may sacrifice sleep.” Binge watchers also reported more fatigue and insomnia – a 98% chance of suffering from poor quality sleep. “Watching TV in a dark room for hours on end can really mess up our circadian rhythm, the process that controls our sleep-awake cycles.” The blue light emitted by TV, computer and device screens reduces melatonin production. Melatonin is a hormone that helps put us to sleep. Binge watching also often includes mindless, unhealthy snacking. Watching your favourite characters drink a beer or smoke a cigarette might also trigger a craving for these substances, which have been proven to lower immunity. Sitting in the same position while watching hours of TV can contribute to deep vein thrombosis and the formation of fatal blood clots, and also increase one’s risk of respiratory tract infections such as a cold, sinusitis or tonsillitis, most likely as a result of lowered immune function. Another study found that staying physically active nearly halved the odds of catching cold viruses, and those that did fall ill, didn’t suffer too badly. Let’s face it, it is difficult to watch hours and hours of TV and to get some time to go to the gym or play outdoor sports! Jennings suggested that instead of sitting on the couch, TV addicts should watch a series on their cellphone or tablet on the treadmill, stationary bike or rowing machine. 