Facebook announced it’s rolling out a new dating feature, sending 
shares in matchmaking app company Match Group and its owner 
IAC/InterActiveCorp. plunging. The feature would help connect 
people who aren’t Facebook friends and be for “building real, long-term 
relationships - not just for hookups,” Chief Executive Officer Mark 
Zuckerberg said during a presentation at the company’s F8 developer 
conference. Match, which owns apps like Tinder and OkCupid, fell as much
 as 21%, the most in more than two years, while IAC fell as much as 14%. “If we’re focused on helping people build meaningful relationships this is perhaps the most meaningful of all,” Zuckerberg said. The announcement shows how Facebook is pushing forward with new products and initiatives for engagement, even as it tries to win back public trust after an outcry over how much data it collects from people online and what it does with it . Zuckerberg acknowledged that Facebook needs “to do more to keep people safe but we will also keep building.” The
 dating feature would be opt-in only and users would be able to build 
their profile out of the view of their Facebook friends. The news
 was one of several new initiatives announced, including a feature that 
lets people post to Instagram from other, non-Facebook apps like 
Spotify, and the ability to “clear history,” to remove data sent to the 
social network via outside websites and apps. With a new dating 
app, Facebook could potentially leverage its extensive web of 
connections among people and data on relationships - users are able to 
publicise their relationship status on their profile pages - as well as 
its massive financial resources, to compete with the incumbents. And
 such a service could give Facebook a whole new avenue for growing its 
advertising business, said Ali Mogharabi, an analyst with Morningstar 
Investment Service. If Facebook steps into dating in a big way it could 
have an impact on Match’s ability to acquire new users, Mogharabi said. The advertising game  Match, which has acquired its 
way to becoming the clear leader in the dating field, uses Facebook to 
authenticate users on some of its apps, making the social media network a
 key part of its business. Facebook had already been changing what 
information it makes available to other companies like Match as part of 
its efforts to improve its privacy reputation. Match was 
partially spun out from IAC in 2015, but many analysts say a majority of
 IAC’s value still derives from the unit. Tinder, one of Match’s most 
valuable properties, has been rapidly adding new features to get users 
to pay for its services. The fortune of IAC Chairman Barry Diller fell about $250 million to around $3bn, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.