THE Nedbank Ke Yona Team Search coaches – Ephraim “Shakes” Mashaba, Khabo Zondo and Mike “Sporo” Mangena – are satisfied. In fact, the development coaches are more than satisfied with the talent they have witnessed so far across the country in their mission to select the best team for the financial institution. The final team that will be selected by the trio will play against Nedbank Cup champions Free State Stars after the Fifa World Cup in Russia. The Ke Yona team coaches have been to four provinces – Limpopo, Free State, Eastern Cape, and Western Cape – since April this year, with KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng remaining to complete their talent search. On Saturday hundreds of trialists are expected to turnout in Kwa-Mashu, KZN where the next try-outs will be held at the Princess Magogo Stadium. Throughout this football development initiative, KZN has consistently attracted good numbers where a lot of players register to be tried. Rand Stadium in Joburg will be the last stop for coaches on 2 June before they start the bootcamp, and then finalise the last 18 who will also earn temporary contracts with PSL clubs. One of the Ke Yona coaches, Mangena said they have never been disappointed in any of the provinces where they have been. “This country has got talent,” Mangena said. “All the provinces we have visited gave us what we are looking for, they did not disappoint. “Now with Durban and Jozi we are hoping to fill the few gaps that we have and move to the next stage of our search.” The young aspiring footballers will be hoping to follow in the footsteps of SuperSport United midfielder Aubrey Modiba who is one of the Ke Yona team graduates. They will be attending the trials with huge motivation after seeing last years Ke Yona team player, Mduduzi Khumalo, lifting the title with his club Ea Lla Koto last weekend in Cape Town. Khumalo advised KZN trialists to do what they do best, which is to play football. He said: “Nothing beats preparation and with that on your side, your dreams can come true.”