HIGHLANDS Park coach Owen Da Gama will trim down his squad from 36 players to a more manageable size in a bid to pave the way for new recruits. This was revealed by Highlands co-director, Sinky Mnisi, as they plan to beef up the squad with quality players capable of helping the team maintain their PSL status. The 2017-18 National First Division (NFD) champions ended the season 19 points ahead of second placed Black Leopards, with 69 points from 30 games. Said Mnisi: “We will trim the squad. Yes, we will release players, but only those who have never featured in the team. If you never played in the NFD this season, why must we take you along to the PSL? We have to make space for new players and can’t have 36 to 40 players in the top flight. We don’t want to repeat the same mistakes that saw the team relegated from the Premiership last season.” The outspoken Mnisi told SunSport that negotiations with players they have targeted to bring on board had already been concluded. “We want to add six or seven players. They have already signed pre-contracts – we did that in the last window period. They are top class players and we believe they will help us a lot going forward. “I cannot divulge their names at this stage as some are still contracted to their clubs until the end of season.” Mnisi breathed a huge sigh of relief yesterday when he got the good news from the hospital that striker Peter Shalulile’s ankle injury was not career-threatening. Shalulile, who played a vital role in Highlands’ success this season, having scored 14 goals in the NFD, sustained the injury in their 3-0 hammering of Stellenbosch FC in their last league game played in Cape Town on Sunday. “Shalulile had an X-ray at the hospital and will be out of action for six weeks. This means he will be ready when the new PSL season kicks off in August.” Mnisi was concerned that the 25-year-old Namibian had suffered a similar fate to the incident that saw him miss Highlands’ 2016-17 season in the PSL after sustaining an injury in their last NFD game of the previous season. “He was scared, did not want it to be similar to what happened in the past. So it will be nice for him to be in the PSL with the rest of players.”