FREE State Stars coach Luc Eymael says he will meet with club bosses to discuss the way forward after Ea Lla Koto qualified for the Caf Confederation Cup by virtue of winning the Nedbank Cup on Saturday. Eymael is excited about competing with the African continent’s big clubs and believes it will elevate the status of his players and the team. The Belgian has coached at numerous African clubs such as DR Congo giants AS Vita Club and says he knows very well what’s expected in these tournaments. “We have to enforce the squad and also release or loan out some players. We will have to bring in a striker, a centre-back and a right-back. We’ve lost our No 8 Nhlanhla Vilakazi and have to replace him. I don’t need a big squad of 30 players. I prefer working with about 22 quality players,” he said. Eymael emphasised that his players will need to be strong mentally to succeed in the competition. “Playing in Caf competitions is taxing and costs a lot of money. There can be long flight delays and visa problems in some countries. We have to send people in advance to check hotels and facilities. We don’t want to qualify and get knocked out easily. So we have to be strong mentally. “It’s not only about the club, it’s about the province and South Africa too,” he added. Eymael said United played better football and were strong in attack but his players won the ball upfield and caught them on the counter-attack. “We did not open up space for them in the centre. We would win the ball and then lose it again but it was important to avoid danger. I want to congratulate my players and the whole staff at the club. I told players before the game that nobody remembers No 2 in sports, people only remember the winners,” he said. The coach also praised veteran players Paulos Masehe and Rooi Mahamutsa, as well as the Mokoena family, owners of the club. “I have lots of respect for Paulos. He is a leader on the pitch and in the dressing-room. Rooi contributed a lot too because such players work as hard at training as they do in a real game. The Mokoena family are fantastic and supported me. We have our differences because I have a strong personality but that is part of the game.” Eymael reassured the club’s supporters and bosses that he is staying with the club and has had no offers locally. He stressed he has a two-year contract with an option to renew with the club.