It might not fall under the Fifa calendar, but the national teams competing in the Council of Southern Africa Football Association (Cosafa), take this tournament seriously. With the South African domestic season coming to an end yesterday, the Cosafa Senior Challenge takes take place in Polokwane, Limpopo. The 2010 World Cup venue Peter Mokaba Stadium, Old Peter Mokaba Stadium and Seshego Stadium, will host 14 countries from Southern Africa. The tournament kicks off on Sunday, with the final scheduled for 9 June. Defending champions Zimbabwe are the most successful team – with five titles, followed by South Africa and Zambia with four titles each. Eight teams will play on a round-robin basis with the two teams emerging in group A and B advancing to the quarterfinal stages. Holders Zimbabwe, host nation Bafana Bafana, Swaziland, Zambia, Lesotho and Namibia will enter the tournament in the quarter-finals. Group A consists of Comoros, Madagascar, Mozambique and Seychelles. Botswana, Angola, Mauritius and Malawi will do battle in Group B. Bafana will face the winner of Group B in the last eight on 2 June. Entry to watch the regional competition is free for football lovers in Limpopo. Bafana coach Stuart Baxter, who announced a preliminary squad of 34 players last month, said he would take the competition seriously. The squad will be trimmed down to 20 players and the coach appeared happy with his selection. Baxter made his intentions of winning the competition known when the tournament was officially launched at the Safa headquarters south of Joburg last month. Bafana are expected to assemble for camp this week to start their preparations for the annual event. SuperSport United goalkeeper Reyaad Pieterse, Orlando Pirates Innocent Maela, new Chippa United signing Gift Motupa, Lebogang Maboe of Maritzburg United, Phakamani Mahlambi of Al Ahly and Vincent Pule of Bidvest Wits, are some of the big name players that Baxter included in his squad. Baxter said: “Do we take the competition seriously? Yes. Do we want to win it? Yes. “This tournament gives us an opportunity to access other players and widen the pool of players to choose from.”We want to win the tournament.” The Warriors of Zimbabwe defeated the Chipolopolo of Zambia 3-1 in the cup final at the Royal Stadium in Rustenburg to win last year’s edition. Limpopo Onicca Moloi said they will pull out all the stops to host a successful tournament. Moloi said: “Entry is free to watch all the matches. We will organise an amazing tournament.” 