Former Bafana Bafana coach Ephraim “Shakes” Mashaba says most of the coaches in the Premier Soccer League (PSL) are not good enough. According to Mashaba, who is part of the Nedbank Ke Yona Team Search coaching staff, the problem is affecting the senior national team. Mashaba says there are 16 teams in the league, but Bafana are still failing to produce top quality players. Mashaba is unhappy with the state of South African football and the rotation of coaches in top flight football. Mashaba said: “There are 16 teams in the PSL, which is not good enough. Maybe, the number should increase to 20. “This number is not enough to accommodate all the good players. “Look at other countries, they have 18 to 20 teams, which is enough to accommodate good players. “The second problem that we have in the league is that we circulate a certain number of handful coaches to coach PSL clubs. “There’s this coach who will relegate a team this year, but next season he will be in the club that is doing well in the league. Do you expect any improvement at that club? “No, it’s going to be chaos. We need to have criteria when it comes to hiring of coaches.” Mashaba also sympathised with former Kaizer Chiefs coach Steve Komphela, who resigned after Amakhosi were dumped out of the Telkom Knockout semi-final after a defeat to Free State Stars at the Moses Mabhida Stadium, in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, last month. Violence broke out at the 2010 World Cup stadium after the Soweto giants lost 2-0 to the Free State outfit, leaving Komphela with no choice but to step down with immediate effect after the game. Mashaba said: “Komphela is one of the knowledgeable coaches, but couldn’t make it. Look at the league position of Chiefs. They are in fourth position. “Look at those teams that are down in 14th, 15th and 16th positions. It means if Steve was coaching one of them he would have been killed. “It gives a bad impression to the outside world.” Mashaba said he didn’t see any improvement in the local league despite more sponsorships in the game. “A lot of people say our football is improving. We hear such comments because when Baroka beat Pirates or Chiefs, they say it’s improving, but it’s not,” he said. “But let’s look at the kind of football that’s being played in the league. It’s not the attractive brand of football.”