The South African Public Protector, Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane, leading South African businesswoman, Phuti Mahanyele, Miss South Africa, Adè van Heerden and social media expert, Emma Sadleir were just some of the women who attended the launch of the 2018 Cell C Take a Girl Child to Work Day today under the #MoreThanADay campaign. Take a Girl Child to Work Day has become a national life-changing campaign for schoolgirls around the country. The initiative, now in its 16th year, has had a powerful impact on the lives of more than a million girls, preparing a core of future women leaders who will be vibrant contributors to the economy, and leading job creators for our country. Every year, the Take a Girl Child to Work Day movement is hosted by more than 750 corporates in Mzansi and continues to spark debate on the role of socio-economic development and the promotion of gender equality. But, the campaign is switching things up in 2018. The organiser, Cell C, is encouraging South Africans not to host girls on one day only, but to be involved throughout the whole year, driving its #MoreThanADay initiative. “This year’s theme encourages us all to do more. Cell C intends to extend its one day to four days this year. We have partnered with high schools in close proximity to our various regional offices and will host the same high school pupils for various workshops throughout the year. This will enable us to develop a meaningful and sustainable programme that will extend over a period of time, improving their skills and knowledge of the workplace,” said Suzette van der Merwe, the Cell C Managing Executive of Corporate Social Investment. “We complement our gender development programme with bursaries for girls via the Cell C Girl Child Bursary Fund as well as our robust internship programme,” she continued. The 2018 Cell C Take a Girl Child to Work Day takes place nationwide on Thursday, May 24. To register for the 2018 Take a Girl Child to Work Day, individuals and corporates can visit www.cellcgirlchild.co.za . 