RE-ELECTED Safa president, Danny Jordaan, has thrown his weight behind new Springbok Test skipper, Siya Kolisi saying that head coach Rassie Erasmus made the right choice. Kolisi will lead a team of 43 top Springbok players in their Test series against England, starting on 9 June. Boks will open the month with a match against Wales at the RFK Stadium on Saturday, 2 June. “Everybody must celebrate this appointment, which is very important for our country,” said Jordaan in Joburg yesterday. “This nonsense about quota players, quota president or quota this and that does not emerge. He is a starting line up player. I think, especially those of us who come from the Eastern Cape, would understand that there is no need to refer to black players as quota players. Some of the players have been far greater than some who play in the Springboks. "Most are excluded on the basis of their skin colour. You talk about Keith Exlee at the time and Peter Nkatha, everybody will tell you than Nkatha was a far better flyhalf than anyone in this country. And now that these players are given an opportunity to play and compete like any other, then he must carry a different label. "We are a different country that has this obsession that the darker the skin, the lesser the intellectual and athletic capacity. It is just not true.” He gave an example that the country celebrates Usain Bolt and every other black athlete: “Williams sisters (Serena and Venus) in tennis, (Lewis) Hamilton in motor racing, John Aloma and many others. We celebrate all black athletes but when it comes to South Africa, and there is a great black athlete, we must come up with some other designation to label him or her.” He advised that this is something that Mzansi people must move away from: “We must celebrate Kolisi as a captain. I am sure that not only does he have the ability as a player, but leadership qualities too. He’s a leader. It is also significant that he takes over the team at its low moment. "They lost to everybody, including Italy and other low country. He will rise up the performance of the team, which will be wonderful to lead us to the Rugby World Cup. We are all part of him. He suffered his own bad experiences, especially those with one foot in the past and the other in the present. We must celebrate our own, including Pele. I support Kolisi wholeheartedly.” The Boks will open their 2018 campaign against Wales on Saturday, 2 June with the match set to kick off at 23:00 SA time.