WHEN families visit the graves of loved ones, they expect to find them as they left them. But relatives of Kleinboy Motholo got the shock of their lives when they visited Precast Cemetery in Lenasia, Joburg on Sunday. THEY FOUND SEVEN GRAVES HAD BEEN DUG UP AND THE REMAINS OF THE DEAD WERE SCATTERED EVERYWHERE! Sylvia Ndalammbi (38) said she and her family were left traumatised when they arrived at the cemetery at extension 11 B in Lenasia, southern Joburg. There they found the bones of Kleinboy, who was her grandfather, lying around. After a case of grave violation was opened, police said they were looking for a man who used a tractor to vandalise graves in the cemetery Sylvia said her family was preparing to take her long-lost uncle, Boy Boy Maloi (64), to visit his father’s grave and found it had been vandalised. “My uncle was reunited with the family last month after having been missing for 50 years,” she said. “When his father died in 1966, Boy Boy wasn’t there. He had been taken away by his mum, who had separated from Kleinboy. “For decades, he looked for his family and when he finally found us last month, we decided to have a ceremony to show Boy Boy his father’s grave.” The ceremony was set to take place this weekend and the family visited the grave on Sunday to make preparations. “When we saw a heap of soil next to the grave, our hearts sank. We found my grandfather’s grave had been dug up and his skull, arm bones and the handles of his coffin were scattered around,” said Sylvia. Sylvia, who is a sangoma, said she was very sad as she often visited her grandfather’s grave to perform rituals. Kleinboy’s brother Jacob (70) said he wanted to know who dug up graves at the cemetery and why. Community leader Dan Nkgadima (58) said he had been trying to protect the graves for many years. “I first realised this was a problem in 1995 when I brought family members to visit their buried relatives. I often ask the government to build a fence around the site but nothing happens,” he said. Police spokesman Captain Hector Netshivhodza confirmed they were investigating a case of violation of graves. Repeated attempts to reach Joburg City Parks spokeswoman Jenny Moodley were unsuccessful.