ABSA Premiership returnees Highlands Park are already embroiled in a scandal just weeks after negotiating their way back to the elite when they won the 2017-18 National First Division (NFD) league. Club’s majority shareholder, Brad Kaftel, has responded politely to news that there is trouble in paradise in their Tembisa club where other investors are apparently unhappy and could pull out. The last straw that broke the camel’s back came about when the club’s 20% shareholder, Sinky Mnisi, is reportedly dejected after being ignored in major decisions, which saw him miss the club’s end of season awards ceremony. Kaftel told SunSport yesterday that he’s hearing it for the first time that there are some members of his team who have a feeling of pensive sadness, especially that some are considering selling their shares. “I will give this my undivided attention, and would try and get to the bottom of this,” said the club’s big boss. “As for Sinky, he is my friend, very fantastic guy, a brother whom I treat with respect as part of my family and I wouldn’t be happy to see him hurt. Look, I have been with Sinky for over five years, and we have been happy from our days in the ABC Motsepe League, NFD, PSL and back to NFD and PSL again. “We have to sort it out, if there is a problem. I cannot say anything bad about Sinky. But hey, I work in a company that employs over 900 people with a turnover of about 15% where people come and go. “About the awards, they were very private, as they were our first ever. I heard that Sinky didn’t attend because he was sick or something. But he always attends our events, like last week when we attended a meeting called by the Ekurhuleni Executive Mayor.” Kaftel said he will try and convince Mnisi to stay: “But he’s also a grown man. If he’s unhappy and nothing can convinces somehow to stay then I don’t have a choice. He plays a dual role at the club as general manager and shareholder too. I don’t know if he wants to resign from being GM or sell his shares to someone else.” When asked about the relationship between Mnisi and another shareholder, Larry Brookstone, who are equal on 20% shares of the club, Kaftel said they don’t get to mix too much. “Mnisi is more on the administration side of the club while Larry is working with the technical team,” he added. “Look, there is disharmony in every organisation, one way or the other. I like Sinky and I want him to stay on.” Mnisi said he will only comment after meeting with Kaftel. But he indicated that he hates being marginalised: “When I came to Highlands I spoke to Brett. He’s the only person I recognise – I know there’s this thing of co-chairman. But Brett is my chairman, not to undermine the other guys. The buck stops with Brett when there’s a problem at the club. It’s true that I have one or two things that I am not happy with at Highlands.”