TEENAGE sprint sensation, Thando Dlodlo, is like a breath of fresh air in Mzansi athletics. At 19, the Krugersdorp High School Grade 12 pupil has the potential to become one of the best in the sport in the near future. After he missed out on the IAAF World Youth Championships for Team SA in Cali, Colombia two years ago, the much-talked about talented sprinter didn’t let the disappointment in Cali break him. All eyes will be on the youngster at the IAAF Junior World Championships in Tampere, Finland, from 10 to 14 July. Dlodlo will do the double in the 100m and 200m at the biggest world junior championship event in the world and few can bet on him completing a historic individual double. Dlodlo will also do the 4x400m relay, where Team SA has the potential to pick up a medal. He’s currently first in 100m and second in 200m events in the world at junior level. The modest athlete is optimist about his chances of completing the double. He showed a glimpse of what he’s capable of at the SA Youth and Junior Championships in Paarl, in the Western Cape, and at the Southern Region Championships in Boksburg, Ekurhuleni, last month. Dlodlo said: “I feel like it’s well-deserved. I’ve proven at many events that I’m the best. “I have to prove to the world at junior ranks that I’m the best before graduating to the senior ranks, where I hope to become a legend. “I was disappointed after missing out at the Cali event, but I went back to the drawing board. I’m in perfect shape and preparing hard to make a my presence felt on the world stage.” The future of the sprinters is in good hands and Dlodlo is expected to follow in the footsteps of big acts: Akani Simbine, Anaso Jobodwana and others. Dlodlo will head to Europe to prepare for the big event in Germany and the Netherlands on 1 July, before teaming up with his countrymen in Finland on 8 July. He’s busy with preparations for his mid-year exams, but can’t stop thinking about the world champs. He said: “I relax at the mall with friends to watch movies. It helps me take my mind off the world champs.”