Last week, Hip-Hop superstar, AKA made a call to his Megacy for aspiring graphic designers to apply for an opportunity to work for him. The rapper, real name Kiernan Forbes, asked his fans to design the cover art for his next album, Touch My Blood. Each entrant will be going up against AKA’s resident graphic designers from his company The Beam Group. The winning design, if it is better than those from AKA’s team, will see the designer receive an internship from The Beam Group and have their work on AKA’s album. ICYMI: AKA WANTS TO HIRE YOU Avid followers of the star will recall that AKA has said that Touch My Blood would be his last album. Thus far, AKA has received some truly fantastic pieces of work from his fans and he is elated to share their work with the public. “This is such an awesome experience. It's so cool to be able to be in a position to give people an opportunity to express themselves. It's only been a couple days, and there is still a lot of time left to go ... but damn. The outpouring of creativity is overwhelming. Thank You for riding with me on this journey and being part of my album and my story,” he said. ICYMI: AKA ANNOUNCES RELEASE DATE FOR HIS 'LAST ALBUM' AKA will be taking submissions for the #TouchMyBloodChallenge until Wednesday, 9 of May. Hopefuls need only click on the link shared by AKA which will lead them to a design brief and all the material needed to do the job. They will then have to post their work on Twitter using the hashtag. Check out some of the designs below: This is such an awesome experience. It's so cool to be able to be in a position to give people an opportunity to express themselves. It's only been a couple days, and there is still a lot of time left to go ... but damn. The outpouring of creativity is overwhelming. Here are a couple so far ... Thank You for riding with me on this journey and being part of my album and my story. #touchmybloodchallenge ?? A post shared by  AKA (@akaworldwide) on Apr 29, 2018 at 2:33pm PDT  