BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic players face a bleak future as their boss Max Tshabalala put a “for sale” sign on Siwelele due to financial constraints. Tshabalala told a weekend newspaper that he already had potential buyers lined up who could save Siwelele from going under, as he could no longer afford keeping the club afloat. He stressed that the club’s expenses were now affecting his company’s income. However, his disclosure has allegedly left a bitter taste in players’ mouths, as they are worried where their family’s bread and butter will come from. According to an insider at the club, everyone among the technical staff and players are concerned about losing their jobs. “The signs were there that this club is sinking but we thought the situation would improve. It has been the norm since 2016 that we don’t get our salaries on time. Sometimes we get our money four days after pay-day. I am concerned that we might not get paid at the end of this month, as our boss has now confirmed via the media that he is broke. How am I going to pay my child’s school fees or even just buy a loaf of bread?” The source revealed to SunSport that Tshabalala is following in the footsteps of their former boss, Jimmy Augousti, who allegedly left them in the lurch when he sold the club in 2014. He continued: “Jimmy never told us that he was selling the club and Max is following the same route, as he revealed his plans to sell the club to the media instead of facing us.” One dejected Phunya Sele Sele player, who asked to remain anonymous to avoid being victimised, revealed that he has already started looking for a job elsewhere to ensure he has employment should the club be sold. “We have been silent about the difficult situation we’re in at this club for a long time. We were told that we would reopen on 20 June but were never given a training programme to follow for us to stay in shape while on holiday, as is usually the norm. “I reckon it’s time to start looking for employment elsewhere,” concluded the player. Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco was not available to shed light regarding players’ concerns as his mobile phone was switched off.