THEY ARE top cops who in everything they do, should behave honestly, fairly and with dedication. But 10 men at the very top of the South African Police Service structure are being investigated for charges including corruption. COPS SAY THEY ARE CLOSE TO COMPLETING THE INVESTIGATION! During an interview on the SABC News on 28 May, Robert McBride, head of the Independent Police Investigative Directorate, said the crooked cops are being investigated for a variety of charges. He said Ipid also wants to find out why it took so long for the officials to be investigated. “The corruption within the South African Police Service is one of the biggest threats to national security. “If people are involved in thieving they won’t focus or concentrate on fighting crime,” he said during the interview. “So every need that is created, every emergency demand that is created, is about filling pockets and it is not about making a contribution to the fight against crime.” McBride said the investigation is at an advanced stage. He and his team are confident that senior police officers will soon appear in court to face the music. National spokesman for Ipid, Moses Dlamini confirmed yesterday that the investigation is continuing. “Almost all the cops are being investigated for corruption as well as other crimes.” He confirmed that some of the officers were at the very top of the police structures. He said they will release the names of the officers when the time is right. The investigation comes as Police Minister Bheki Cele announced on Monday that 27 crime intelligence officers have criminal offences listed on their records. Cele said 20 of them are related to contraventions of the Road Traffic Act and seven are of a more serious nature. The circumstances of the seven cases are still under investigation by the new head of the Crime Intelligence Unit, Lieutenant-General Peter Jacobs. Other lower ranked police officers are reportedly regularly caught in criminal acts. There have been instances where lower ranked cops are alleged to have taken part in robberies, armed robberies and even murder. Two Ekurhuleni Metro police officers were caught on the wrong side of the law when they were arrested last week for corruption. Two Tshwane Metro police officials were arrested for taking a bribe via e-wallet from a truck driver.