Buying property involves two elements, your emotions and your 
finances. A buyer needs to strike a balance between these two competing 
forces, according to an expert. Speaking at the Property Buyer 
Show held in Cape Town recently, marketing manager of Private Property 
Greg Crowder shared a few guidelines for first-time home buyers. He
 explained that buying property is an emotional journey. The property 
you buy will be your home, and people have an emotional connection to 
where home is. However, because buying property is an emotional decision, people could make “fundamental and silly mistakes”, Crowder warned. Buyers
 need to consider the practicalities of their pockets. “We each want to 
make a property decision to financially benefit you, maybe not 
immediately but down the line,” he said. “The heart element comes 
into it too often. These elements are fighting all the time and we must 
learn to harness and control them,” he said. Crowder explained how first-time buyers can find the right home, while balancing these two elements. Use technology wisely The
 search for property has evolved over the years. Buyers don’t have to 
limit themselves to the choices made available by a real estate agent or
 newspaper. They can now use online portals where they can filter their searches to find the home they want, he explained. But
 technology can also be misleading, said Crowder. If not used correctly,
 a buyer could think they have seen everything they need to. “Use 
technology to make sure you have seen everything you want to see, and 
not miss anything out.” Be wise when applying filters, as this 
could cut out options that you might like. “Start with a broad spectrum 
and then slowly trim down,” he advised. When
 using technology, make sure you save properties you might like to a 
wish list – a feature available on websites - or bookmark the properties
 you like to return to them at a later stage. The next thing to do is to set alerts for new listings. When a new listing comes up, you don’t want to miss out, said Crowder. “It’s
 important to get it right at the beginning,” he said. It also helps if 
you show the real estate agent you have an interest in the property by 
being one of the first to contact them about it. Get the right financial advice Once
 you think you found the house you might like, consult with a 
professional about financing the property. “Speak to property finance 
people,” Crowder stressed. “It is important to get the right advice by 
speaking to the right people.” Buyers can also make use of online 
features like bond calculators, which can give them an idea of what they
 can afford. Getting prequalified for a bond also helps. Crowder 
said buying property is not like buying a cup of coffee. Before 
purchasing a property, you need to make sure you have the means to do 
so.  Getting
 prequalified for a bond saves work and time for when you actually have 
to apply for a bond, he explained. The prequalification also gives you a
 90% chance of getting the bond you applied for, he said. Most 
people go to banks to get finance from the home loan division. Crowder 
encouraged buyers to shop around for a mortgage from different banks as 
they have “different appetites” for home loans at a particular point in 
time. Some banks may have too many home loans and would not want to take
 on more, he explained.  Bond originators are a great resource If you are not clued up on the bank space, then reach out to a mortgage originator, he advised. “If
 you want to get a great return and get the absolute best rate, go speak
 to a mortgage originator. These are companies built just to shop around
 banks and across financial channels for home loans.” Crowder 
explained that you need to get the right advice when financing property,
 because you don't want to run into trouble when investing. The 
finance is not just for the bond, you need to consider the other costs 
associated with buying a property such as admin fees and taxes. “The wallet decision should outweigh the heart one when talking to the financial channel.” Take a notebook on property viewings Before
 you start negotiating an agreement for a home, you have to visit 
properties. Crowder advised buyers to take a notebook and pen and log 
everything about their visit in the notebook. This will also 
ensure that you do not confuse the details of different properties. A 
notebook allows you to keep a record of concerns and features of the 
properties you see. When it comes to what to consider when visiting a home, be mindful of where the property is.  Check out all the angles Also
 consider if there is development in the area which means there will be 
investment - a factor which could raise the future value of your home. When
 you are at the property, inspect it for cracks, damp, holes and other 
damage. A real estate agent is compelled to reveal known defects. However,
 a private seller is not legally complied to reveal everything, Crowder 
said. “The agent must protect the buyer and the seller.” He added 
that you should have an emotional connection with the property. If not, 
it’s the wrong property, no matter how good a deal it may be. Legalities are important Don't
 get caught out by doing things yourself, Crowder warned. Conveyancers 
are equipped to ensure you are protected in a property transfer. “They 
are desperate to make sure your transfers happen and to look after you,”
 said Crowder. Having a conveyancer is necessary to make sure you have the right contract with conditions in place to protect you. In
 conclusion, Crowder reminded buyers to be clear about what they need 
and want, and joked that following the guide is “what an absolute ninja 
warrior would do.” 