AMAZULU are ready to take the bull by its horns. Usuthu have until Friday to challenge the ruling by arbitrator, William Mokhari SC, which saw them being dramatically kicked out of the Absa Premiership’s top eight bracket. This automatically gave access to SuperSport United who initially missed out on the top eight. Now AmaZulu general manager, Lunga Sokhela, confirmed that Friday has been set as D-Day for them to lodge and argue their case against the ruling that crippled them. Coach Cavin Johnson’s argument on the matter is that they cannot be taken away from the MTN8 position where they stood a chance of winning the competition’s winners’ prize money of R8 million. Last week the controversial ruling of the case involving Tendai Ndoro and Ajax Cape Town saw the Urban Warriors lose nine points to Polokwane City, Platinum Stars and SuperSport United – thus losing their PSL status. The defiant Ajax were relegated to the National First Division (NFD) but they took the matter to court, firstly trying to stop the currently underway play-offs from taking place. Sokhela said he has consulted with his lawyers and they are ready to fight against the ruling. Said Sokhela: “We have until the 25th (today) to lodge our complaint to the league regarding the ruling. So I have consulted with our legal team and they are ready to file the papers. We can only know about the appearance dates after we’ve lodged. We feel the ruling was unprecedented, especially giving points to other teams, which prejudiced us.” Their aim is to have the decision reversed: “They can whip another punishment that does not affect innocent teams, who are at all not involved in the matter.” Meanwhile, Usuthu team manager, Qedi Dlamini, has confirmed that they are in negotiations with Siyabonga “Bhele” Nomvethe and Mabhuti Khenyeza regarding their contract extensions. The pair’s current contracts with Usuthu expire at the end of June, and the club is desperate to keep them on board for next season. Said Dlamini: “We hope all we be sorted soon. With regards to players leaving the club, I can confirm that only two have left – (Camaldine) Abraw and (Boalefa) Pule. Abraw left after his contract expired. Pule was on loan and has now gone back to his club SuperSport United.”