THE ANGRY makoti made life so difficult for them they were forced to leave the family home. Then, after the uncle’s sister died, they went back to make funeral arrangements – but the makoti still wouldn’t let them in. NOW THEY SIT OUTSIDE A LOCKED GATE, MOURNING THEIR DEAD RELATIVE. The Moyo family from Meadowlands, Soweto claimed the trouble started after their uncle, Nicky Moyo (73) died in 2011. “His makoti told us we were going to live by her rules because she was now the rightful owner of the house,” claimed Nelisiwe Tshabala (30), a cousin. “She treated us badly and harassed us every chance she got. Her children helped her and they bullied us until we left to rent in Zola.” Then Thalita Moyo (44), the sister of the dead uncle, died on Sunday in Zola. Smangele Moyo (36), the sister of the dead uncle, said after her death, the mastand told them to leave. “She said we must collect all our belongings, including Thalita’s stuff because she didn’t want bad luck. We are homeless and grieving. It is all too much to handle,” said Smangele. At the moment Thalita’s body is at the funeral parlour in Rockville. Nelisiwe said they are also angry because their uncle was not even the owner of the house. “This house belonged to our grandparents. It’s a family house. But we don’t want to talk about that right now. We just need a place to arrange the burial.” The family asked the police to intervene and went with them to the house on Tuesday but that didn’t help. The community members also held a meeting and promised to stand by the family. An angry neighbour agreed that the house didn’t belong to the makoti because her husband never owned it. “She is just a makoti. This is a family home. Why does she behave as if she bought the house? She took advantage because she was the only elder remaining in that yard,” said the neighbour. Neighbours are allowing the young relatives to bath and sleep at their houses so they can make funeral arrangements. Pinki Moyo (60), the makoti, at a meeting with police and the community, said she would not let them use the house. She claimed she had a court order prohibiting the relatives from entering it. “These people were chased out of the house by the court. I don’t want them in my house,” she said. “I will allow them to bring the body to pass by on the day of the funeral.” She will allow them to bring the coffin into the yard to perform the necessary rituals. “That’s all I can do for them.” Cultural expert Mntimande Ngwenya said the makoti’s actions ould bring her bad luck. “She has no right to chase them away, especially because it is a family home. If not now, things will go badly for her later in life or the bad luck will be transferred to her children. She is taking the ancestors for granted.”