THE South African Football Association (Safa) delegates will start trickling into town tomorrow as they get ready for the elective congress that will take place on Saturday. As things stand, the much-awaited presidential elections will finally happen at the Sandton Convention Centre, after they were postponed two months ago due to some mud-slinging between the national association and presidential hopeful Ace Ncobo. The eagerly anticipated race for the presidential hot-seat will be contested by incumbent Danny Jordaan and vocal former referee Ncobo. In recent months, the outspoken Ncobo has been up Safa’s nose for what he called unlawful processes and electoral procedures. His interference resulted in the initial 24 March date for the elections being postponed. Besides the race for one of Mzansi’s high-profile jobs, there will be some shoving and pushing to get into the National Executive Committee (NEC). The likes of former Bafana Bafana coach Ephraim “Shakes” Mashaba, Phil “Chippa” Masinga and Bhuda Mathathe have raised their hands and are eager to sit in the NEC. The ambitious Safa Soweto president, Phil Mogodu, and The South African Football Coaches Association’s (SAFCA), Sudesh Sing, are also in the running for NEC positions. Jordaan, the former 2010 Local Organising Committee (LOC) chief executive took over as Safa president in 2013 from Kirsten Nematandani. He booted Mandla “Shoes” Mazibuko in a landslide victory at a secluded venue Helderfontein Estate in Fourways. In recent months, his presidency has been marred by unfounded allegations of rape. In the run-up to the elections, there was some intense campaigning and quarrelling between the Football Transformation Forum (FTF) and the National Football Consultative Forum (NFCF). The FTF, led by Mzwandile Maforvane and other NEC members such Mxolisi Sibam, Poobalan Govindasamy and Natasha Tsichlas, were vocal in their backing of Jordaan. This body was also instrumental in rocketing Jordaan to the top echelons of Safa. On the other corner stood the NFCF, which is made up of former coaches and some have argued “disgruntled” Safa NEC members. Chief Mwelo Nonkonyana, Fanyana Sibanyoni and Xolani Mtumtum were the head-honchos who accused the FTF of manipulating the constitution so that their candidate Jordaan stood unopposed and without a serious challenger on election-day.