DAVID GETS up, puts on his uniform, reports for duty . . . and according to him, sits in his room doing nothing all day long. He has a job and he wants to work but he claims he can’t go through the prison gate. DAY AFTER DAY, HE ALLEGES, HE JUST WATCHES SOAPIES ON TV. “I’m tired of doing nothing,” David Mokgadi (46) told Daily Sun. “I want to do some real work, just the way I did before.” David works for Correctional Services at Boksburg Prison in Boskburg, Gauteng. “I started working at the prison as a warder in 2006 and enjoyed the work,” he said. But then he saw bad things happening there . . . and he made a big mistake. David spoke up about the corruption and other illegal activities he saw at the prison. Everything changed after that. “I’ve always been an outspoken person who talks whenever I see things that I think are wrong.” He said when he saw things happening, he asked questions and that’s what got him into trouble. “Talking got me into this situation,” he said. “From then I was in the spotlight. Everything I did was noticed and I was questioned.” He said in September last year, he took his new phone to work because he was setting it up. “I was questioned about it and suspended for three months without pay,” he said. In December, after serving his suspension, he went back to work. “But then I was told I mustn’t go back into Centre A where I worked,” he said. “From then on I could only go as far as the prison gate. “I can’t go inside the prison. I wake up in the morning, go to the gate and return to my room which is inside the prison premises. I am on duty but I am not working.” He said in his room he watches TV and listens to music all day. “But I get paid. It’s wrong,” he said. He said he is tired of eating taxpayers’ money. “I now know each and every soapie on TV. I just can’t take it anymore. I need to do the work I was hired to do.” Gauteng Department of Correctional Services spokesman, Mocheta Monama confirmed that David is employed by the department and stationed at Boksburg Correctional Centre A as a security official. “The department has noted with concern the allegations made by our official. Our records shows that David has been reporting for duty as expected and allocated responsibilities by the relevant authorities at that specific centre,” said Mocheta. He said the claims and allegations made by David that he is earning a salary without performing any duties are viewed in a very serious light and would be investigated. “The department maintains its commitment in ensuring that ghost workers and poor or non-performance of services is eliminated.”