IT’S GOOD to be back! GOLDEN Arrows attacking midfielder Kudakwashe Mahachi says it feels great to be kicking the ball again after being sidelined with injury for two months. The Zimbabwean sustained an ankle injury when Arrows lost 3-0 to Kaizer Chiefs in the Nedbank Cup Round of 32 back in February. Mahachi made his surprise return to action two weeks ago in their 3-1 home win over Amakhosi. Initially his coach Clinton Larsen had ruled the 24-year-old out for the whole season. Said Mahachi: “Things were hard when I was out. It was frustrating to see my team struggle without being able to help. But I’m happy to have returned before the season ends. “What makes me even happier is that we have won our two matches since my return. Now we only have one thing on our minds, securing that top eight spot.” Abafana Bes’thende are currently in seventh position after their hard-fought win against relegated Platinum Stars on Saturday. With one game to go before season’s end, Mahachi stressed it is crucial that they win. He hopes to form part of Larsen’s first team on Saturday when they visit on-form Maritzburg United in a KwaZulu-Natal derby at Pietermaritzburg’s Harry Gwala Stadium (3pm). Mahachi is unfazed by United’s form: “Our arrows are forever sharp. Obviously, they deserve all respect. They have done well lately and we will need to be extra careful against them. “But our aim is to win that match. We can’t afford to let go of the top eight spot we’ve fought for since August last year. We can’t let it slip through our fingers like that. “We have worked hard in our last two matches to be where we are right now. Before those two wins we were in the relegation zone. So we will fight with all we have to win the derby and secure our top eight spot.” The left winger could be playing his last match for Arrows after it was reported during the January transfer window that he would be joining Orlando Pirates next season. Mahachi denied such reports, however, telling SunSport yesterday that he still had another season left in his contract with Arrows.