JOMO Cosmos owner and coach Jomo Sono has not backed down his view about the  on-going promotion play-offs as he insist that they are just a waste of time. The play-offs which sees three teams Cosmos, Platinum Stars and Black Leopards battling for a spot in the Premier Soccer League kicked off last Wednesday and will run until 2 June. After two games, Leopards are sitting at the top of the three team’s mini-league with four points from two games, Cosmos are second with a point and Stars are at the bottom with no point after one match. On Wednesday Cosmos will be up against Stars at Moruleng Stadium (7.30pm). Talking after their 2-2 draw against Leopards on Sunday, Sono stood by his words saying he won’t change what he has said before. “I won’t change my stance. The play-offs are a waste of time and are too strenuous for teams,” said Sono. “Every year in the NFD there’s court cases. If you remember when Polokwane were promoted, nobody knew what was going to happen now this time we also don’t know what’s going to happen (due to the ongoing court case by Ajax Cape Town). He went on: “If there are teams that maybe are not supposed to go out of the league, and they end up in 14th position, let them play in the play-offs then with No 3 from the NFD. "Leopards finished second, they should have just gone up, number one and two should gain automatic promotion.” “There’s no need for play-offs. But it all depends with the vote, I can say whatever I want to say, to be honest I’m wasting my time. The people at the top decide, there’s nothing we can do but the play-offs are not right. I am not having a go at anybody. This is my opinion.” Cosmos have won all the play-offs they have been involved in and Sono vowed that they will fight till the last game. He said: “We will fight until the end because this team deserves to be in the PSL." “We watched Stars in action against Leopards. They are very difficult opponents but we will see what we can do. “They know that if they lose to us, then they’re as good as out of the race.” 