South African workers must unite against the common enemy: Monopoly
capital. This was the message of trade union federation Cosatu president S'dumo
Dlamini ahead of Workers' Day. Cosatu and its rival, the South African
Federation of Trade Unions (Saftu), will hold May Day rallies across the
country. "We call upon all workers to work together. Their enemy is one:
Monopoly capital," Dlamini said at a press conference on Monday ahead of
Cosatu's flagship event in Nelson Mandela Bay on Tuesday. He said it should not
happen that Workers' Day becomes an occasion for a confrontation between
workers. The federation would focus on its own activities, he said. Following the December conference of its alliance partner the ANC, where
the rallying cry was unity, the theme for Cosatu's May Day celebrations will be
"building unity and cohesion of Cosatu to advance the national democratic
revolution". Last week, Cosatu said in a statement that it supported government's
efforts "to kick-start our economy". However, it does have a long list of concerns and demands, with
unemployment a large concern and the demand for "quality economic growth
that will be more inclusive" encapsulating most of its other demands. 'Starvation' minimum wage Meanwhile, Saftu, which held a countrywide strike last week, will also
hold May Day rallies across the country. On Monday Saftu said in a statement that it "joins hands with
millions of workers across the world to celebrate May Day". It did, however, have some criticism for Cosatu and its other rivals,
saying it was "incensed by Cosatu, Nactu (National Council of Trade
Unions) and Fedusa (Federation of Unions of South Africa) agreeing to a
starvation national minimum wage which legitimises poverty and entrenches the wage
gap we inherited from the apartheid racist dictatorship". Saftu also raised its concerns about unemployment and railed against
South Africa's high levels of inequality. "We are going to continue with our campaign to get the National
Minimum Wage Bill scrapped and to fight for a living minimum on which workers
and their families can have a decent life," reads the statement. "Inequality is equally stark in the share of the social wage.
Top-quality education, healthcare, housing and transport are available for the
rich minority. The poor majority have to suffer underfunded schools, slum
housing, understaffed hospitals and overcrowded and dangerous public transport. "All these problems are made even worse for the workers and the
poor by the corruption by political and business leaders in both the private
and public sectors, which robs people of the money desperately need to improve
these services." SOURCE: NEWS24