THERE will be a range of emotions on display when Polokwane City host Chippa United in their last 2017-18 Absa Premiership match at Polokwane’s Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday (3pm). City run the risk of dropping further down the PSL standings to 15th, depending on the outcome of SuperSport United and Ajax Cape Town’s respective clashes, while Chippa are determined to end the season in the top eight. Supporters on both sides will be holding their breath and hoping that their team walks away with three crucial points at the Peter Mokaba Stadium. But there is a bit of a worry for City. No 1 goalkeeper George Chigova is a doubtful starter in this must-win match for them due to injury, despite being given the all-clear by doctors. The Zimbabwean international has already missed two Rise and Shine league games, against Cape Town City and Free State Stars. The 27-year-old was injured in their 1-1 draw with Bidvest Wits two weeks ago, an encounter that left him with a bruised knee. Bernard Molekwa, City coach, confessed that he would be more relaxed if Chigova is between the sticks for this game against the Chilli Boys. “He has completely recovered, but you never know with medical issues. I will only know for certain on Saturday morning whether he is in or out,” said Molekwa, who has yet to get confirmation from club boss Johnny Mogaladi on whether he will continue as coach next season. This clash could also serve as an aptitude test for the coach, to determine whether he is good enough to be appointed permanently. But still, Chigova’s absence will open up a gap for his No 2, Harold Ndlovu, who has been carrying the team quite capably in their last two league matches. He has conceded only once in two matches, when they drew 1-1 with Cape Town City. Their clash with FS Stars ended 0-0. Molekwa will also look to their supporters to fill the 2010 World Cup stadium to the rafters, with fans given free entry to this crucial clash. The Limpopo side has to win at all costs to avoid participating in the promotional play-offs against National First Division sides Jomo Cosmos and Black Leopards. City are 13th with 33 points. “We do not want that at all – the unpredictable world of play-offs. We will do whatever it takes to collect maximum points. “We will try and ignore other matches to focus only on our own, which could prove a remedy for our concerns. “If players react positively to all my plans we will do well in front of our fans.”