FOR AT least the tenth time in 10 years, MaOrange woke up over the weekend to the news that he was dead.And once again the artist has a message for those who insist on killing him before his time.STOP YOUR NONSENSE. VOETSEK! I’M NOT DEAD.“I’m very much alive and kicking,” he said.He is known as the man who made Voetsek famous in a number of his shows, including iNumber Number. Israel Zulu (42), a humble man known as Ghetto Professor or Ma-Orange, told Daily Sun it was disappointing when people spread lies about his death. MaOrange said he can’t remember how many times he has been killed before, and not only on social media but by his neighbours as well. The latest incident was over the weekend. The news broke that he had been shot dead by armed robbers and family, close friends and fans started mourning. But he came out, very much alive. “Inja isaphefumula!” he said, meaning the dog is still breathing. He even jokes that he expects to live longer because he has been killed so many times. In his Facebook post MaOrange said: “I have been receiving calls that Iam dead. I am not dead. Bafowethu idlozi lisangivumile. I am not posting this from the grave.” MaOrange told Daily Sun he got many calls over the weekend from people to check if he was really dead. “A very close friend said everyone was very worried about my passing. According to them they said some fool had posted my image claiming I was dead,” he said. “I don’t know if he was watching a movie where I died or he heard rumours that I had passed on.” MaOrange said that since he was young people have been reporting on his death. “I’ve been killed so many times before. Usually I would hear stories that the kasi is mourning my death after some incident,” he said. “I believe people confuse the characters I play and associate me with living a rough life.” He said his grandmother said he will live long because of being killed from time to time. Meanwhile, MaOrange has released an album named Last Man Standing. He is also busy shooting a movie called Zuluboy Ten Percent, in which he will be playing a lead role.