IT is rather a sad indictment of how Bernard Parker has regressed in the last three seasons that he has only 15 goals to his name. Averaging as little as five goals per season, Parker has avoided goals like a plague, unable to match the 10-goal mark he hit when he collected the golden boot five seasons ago. He has netted six times, four in the league from 24 matches and two in the knockout competitions. “With my injuries and not getting much game time, I ended up scoring the most. But I wouldn’t brag about it. It’s just six goals. But I scored the most in the whole team this season,” said Parker. Like his teammates, Parker can’t look back with pride at the season in which he, yet again, failed to pick up a single medal. Yet he could win the Goal of the Season gong, should the goal he netted against Ajax Cape Town prove popular with the public in the votes. From what Parker says, his role in the team has gradually shifted from being a prime number one striker. These days he even “mentors” the younger strikers, helping the likes of Ryan Moon and Dumisani Zuma perfect their skill in front of goal and assume bigger scoring responsibilities. “The youngsters did come through, they did the job. But they were under the supervision of us the senior players,” Parker explained. “We helped them in a lot of ways. Ryan can’t stop thanking me for how much I’ve helped him. “He keeps scoring goals. And Zuma as well. I’m mentoring them, pushing them. When I’m playing I lead by example, through the hard work and getting on the score-sheet.” But he appeared to shift the blame to the youngsters, who mostly broke in the senior team last season. He said: “It was a bit of a transition with a lot of youngsters coming through. “But they didn’t consistently help up in terms of bringing a new dimension and maturity and continuity in the team. That has been a bit of a hiccup in the journey we had. But we keep on motivating them and pass on the culture of Kaizer Chiefs.” The former Bafana Bafana marksman still sees a future for himself with Amakhosi, vowing to take the lessons he learned from the dismal season he just had, to the next.