PALESTINIANS followed through with their vow to protest
massively along the Gaza border today with tens of thousands demonstrating and
37 killed by Israeli fire as clashes erupted over the controversial
inauguration of the US embassy in Jerusalem. The death toll made it the deadliest day in the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict since the 2014 Gaza war. The 37, including a 14-year-old, were shot dead by
Israeli forces as clashes broke out at five points along the Gaza border hours
before the opening of the embassy. More than 900 Palestinians were wounded in the clashes,
the health ministry in Gaza said, with the Palestinian Journalists' Syndicate
saying eight journalists were among them. The Israeli army said that more than 35 000 people were
involved in the protests and clashes. It accused Gaza's Islamist rulers Hamas of leading a
"terrorist operation under the cover of masses of people". The Palestinian Authority government based in Ramallah,
in the occupied West Bank, accused Israel of carrying out a "terrible
massacre". Palestinians threw stones, rolled burning tyres towards
the border and tried to approach the fence to damage it and potentially break
through, with Israeli snipers firing from the other side. Bilal Fasayfes (31) was getting on a free bus to the border
with his wife and two children in the southern Gaza city of Khan Yunis. "If half the people die we won't care," he
said. "We will keep going so the other half can live with
dignity." Israeli warplanes also struck a Hamas base close to the
border, the army said, saying forces had come under fire. The army also said it killed three Palestinians seeking
to plant an explosive device. Hamas leaders had backed attempts to break through the
border fence during the protest. The protests were against the transfer of the US embassy
in Israel from Tel Aviv to the disputed city of Jerusalem. Palestinians have been infuriated by US President Donald
Trump's 6 December recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital as they
consider the eastern part of the city their capital. More than 91 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli
fire since protests and clashes began along the Gaza border on 30 March.