During his time as finance minister, South Africa spent R873 366, 68 on international travel for Malusi Gigaba's wife Norma.  Maynier
 asked how much was the "total cost to the National Treasury of the 
specified person’s [Norma Gigaba] official travel since 1 April 2017". The answer came in at what Maynier called "a staggering R873 366.86". Maynier
 also asked for further details on Norma Gigaba's travels to the United 
States, Japan, China and Singapore with her husband in November 2017. From
 November 7 to 11 she was in New York for the Fifth Annual South Africa 
Tomorrow Investor Conference, and from November 12 to 17 she was in the 
Asian countries for an investor roadshow. She was paid a daily allowance for the entire trip of R15 942.15.   "The fact is Norma Gigaba had no official 
duties on the investor roadshows and taxpayers, who have been pushed to 
the limit by tax increases, should never have had to cough up for what 
were, in reality, a series of intercontinental shopping trips." "In
 the end, even if the expenses are in line with the guidelines set out 
in the Ministerial Handbook it was simply wrong and the minister should 
do the right thing and 'pay back the money' to National Treasury," said 
Maynier.   -
 Members and their spouses (or alternatively an adult family member 
accompanying the Member in official capacity instead of spouse) are 
entitled to first class travel for official purposes at the expense of 
the Department concerned. - The costs for official journeys 
abroad by Members, and their spouses or adult family members 
accompanying them in official capacity, are for the account of the 
relevant Department. - It is not a requirement that the VIP 
lounges at international airports be used; however, for security 
purposes, utilisation thereof is encouraged. Where appropriate and if 
preferred, first or business class lounges could be utilised. To avoid 
the cost of unnecessary reservation of VIP lounges, the Department of 
Foreign Affairs should be informed of the travelling Member’s preference
 well in advance. - Dependent children who accompany their parents on official visits abroad do so at the cost of the parents. The Ministerial Handbook also contains guidelines on international travel for ministers, among which counts the following: -
 Ministers and Deputy Ministers may travel on official visits abroad if 
these are essential, in the national interest and with due regard to the
 availability of Departmental funds. - International visits should offer real value and benefit to the Republic of South Africa (RSA). -
 The absolute minimum number of officials should accompany members. 
Taking the necessity of financial discipline into account, Members 
should exercise their discretion and apply their minds cautiously in 
determining the number of officials, and the feasibility of their 
spouses accompanying them abroad. South Africa Missions abroad are 
available, within the constraints of their capabilities, to render 
support services to travelling Members, provided prior notice of the 
visit is given. Malusi Gigaba was appointed Finance Minister 
in former president Jacob Zuma's dramatic late night cabinet reshuffle 
in March 2017, when Pravin Gordhan was removed. He served in this position until President Cyril Ramaphosa did a cabinet reshuffle of his own. Despite
 a court judgment that Gigaba lied and acted unconstitutionally, and 
unlike other former ministers connected to the Guptas, Gigaba survived 
the chop and was moved to the home affairs portfolio. He held this 
portfolio when some members of the Gupta family were controversially 
naturalised. In his very first appearance in the National Assembly as finance minister in May last year, the topic of his wife's travels reared its head.  EFF
 MP Hlengiwe Mkhaliphi asked him if it was necessary to take his wife 
along on a trip to New York. She also wanted to know what the "wisdom" 
was of his wife tagging along to the States. "She went shopping!" yelled somebody in the DA benches. 