FOR a team that has been given a second chance to fight for their Premiership status, Platinum Stars don’t seem to appreciate most of what they have been given. They are not acting like a team that has been given a second chance. After two games in the PSL relegation/promotion play-offs Dikwena have collected just a mere point. Dikwena were frustrated to a dull goalless draw by Jomo Cosmos at Moruleng Stadium in Rustenburg last night. Stars knew that they had to win the game at all costs, but they didn’t. They have no choice but to try and winning their remaining two games and also hope that results elsewhere go in their favour. On paper the Rustenburg based outfit seemed to have experienced players, but the play-offs are a whole new ball game. They didn’t play like a team that is desperate to retain their status or save their jobs. Mini log table toppers with four points Black Leopards were the biggest winners with this stalemate. Leopards will go into their showdown with Dikwena on Saturday night at the same venue high on confidence. The Limpopo based outfit lead the way with four points followed by Cosmos on two, while Dikwena are bottom of the log with one point. Stars and Ezenkosi last played each other when Cosmos were still in the Premier division three seasons ago. The two teams met each other on 18 occasions in their history with Dikwena registering nine wins, losing just three times while the other matches ended in stalemate. The North West based outfit lost 1-0 to Black Leopards in Venda in their paly-offs opening game, while Ezenkosi were held to a thrilling 2-2 draw at home by Leopards. Stars coach Roger De Sa made six changes to the team that lost in Limpopo. De Sa fielded the team that defeated Bidvest Wits 1-0 in their last league game of the recently concluded past season. Ezenkosi coach Jomo Sono made three changes to the team that shared the spoils with Lidoda Dhuva in Vaal. Aided by the experience of 30-year-old Zambian Clifford Mulenga. Ezenkosi threatened Dikwena as they created the best of the goal scoring opportunities but were forced to settle for a point.