As certain as death and taxes, South Africans can be
assured that the cost of electricity won’t come down in price.  At least
not if our local electricity provider has its way. Also read: MZANSI MIGHT FACE LOAD SHEDDING THIS WINTER! As a result, so many of us have switched to products that
allow us to avoid using electricity. Some people have even managed to go
entirely off grid but that takes a lot of effort! One product that’s great for cutting down on power is a
gas stove which can save you up to 30% in electricity bills. Remember also that if you have a power outage, at least
your stove will be able to keep going. Better control It’s also worth bearing in mind that gas burners make for
easier control while cooking, because a flame doesn’t need any time to warm up
or cool down like electric stoves. Temperatures are highly responsive and allow
you to be a master chef in the kitchen. Whip up meals quicker Not only are they easier but they’re also faster as the
flames on a gas stove spread themselves along the bottom and sides of a pan,
allowing the food to cook more evenly. Cost effective and emergency ready With the increase in the cost of living and electricity
being expensive, gas is the cheaper option. Gas stoves can cost anything
between 10% to 30% less than electric stoves to operate. One thing that does often put people off from turning to
gas is the safety issues surrounding it. To clean them, wait until the burners and surrounding
areas have completely cooled, then take the burners apart to soak and then
clean them thoroughly in warm, soapy water. For stubborn spills, clean it with
a mild abrasive paste made from baking soda and water. Once clean, rinse
all parts in fresh water. Then make sure to dry all parts thoroughly before
replacing them –placing them in a warm (but not hot) oven for around 15
minutes is a good trick. Remove any cooked food stuck under or on the burners and
on the surface of the cooktop. Clean clogged burner holes using a pin and replace the
burners correctly, making sure they’re connected to the corresponding opening. What not to do Don’t pour water over the cooktop itself as excess water
can prevent ignition when you use it thereafter. Never use a toothpick or cocktail stick to clean the
burner holes in case the wood snaps in the holes. Rather brush gently with a
soft-bristled toothbrush to dislodge food particles and grease. Avoid spraying cleaning liquid directly onto the control
panel. Instead, spray some on a damp cloth and then wipe the surface. Don’t use
abrasive pads or harsh cleaning products on the knobs or the indicators can be
worn off. Many control knobs can be removed and cleaned in soapy water. Most importantly, read the manual before you start it up. Another factor that turns people off is the price of gas
stoves which can run into the tens of thousands. For this, consider Teljoy’s
rent-to-own through which you can get an Elba
or Bertazzoni
brand. Got to Teljoy.co.za  for more
information. 