FIVE years ago Rachel Ingram (26) was completely content
and optimistic about her life. She was in a wonderful marriage, had a two-year-old son
and a job she loved. Then she gave birth to her second child, a daughter Isla. According to The
Mirror, this is when her happy life crumbled before her eyes. Rachel, from Kent in the south of England, told The Mirror: “From the day she was born I
had trouble passing urine. “I started getting urine infections, lots of lower
abdominal pain and less sensation of knowing when my bladder was full. “Disaster struck one day when I was sat on the toilet. “I was screaming in agony for two hours trying to pass
urine. “It was similar to being in labour, I was rolling around
with the pain. “It was horrendous and my stomach was so swollen I looked
about six months pregnant.” Her mum rushed her to hospital, where it was eventually
discovered that poor Rachel had two litres of urine trapped in her bladder. Following emergency operations, it was discovered that
Rachel suffered from Fowler’s Syndrome. This is a condition affecting women, mostly in their 20s
and 30s, which prevents them from peeing normally. Rachel’s life has been a living hell ever since, with
constant pain and repeated health crises. She is particularly sad about the
toll it’s taken on her husband and kids. “It’s been really hard for our relationship because I’m
always in pain, or away in hospital or knocked out from medication. “I’ve told him to leave me countless times because he’d
be better off with someone else. “When you’re in such severe pain you don’t know what to
do with yourself. Sometimes I snap at him but it’s the pain that makes me snap. “But he says he’s not leaving and he’s still here because
he wants to be with me. “And now he has to
run the house, mind a family and work. It’s hard for him and I feel guilty
about that.” A ray of hope for Rachel is surgery which will create a
new channel from her bladder to her bellybutton using her appendix – but this
is as long as 12 months away.