 President Cyril Ramaphosa isn't a leader, but a dealmaker who became president to meet white leaders and clinch deals with them, Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) leader Julius Malema said. Speaking at the party's Africa Day celebration event in Sunnyside in Tshwane on Friday, Malema said Ramaphosa became president to go around the world and make deals with white leaders - not to help the people of South Africa. "Cyril doesn't need a salary. He took that position because of deal making," Malema said. "He wants to go around the world making deals. That's why he wants to be president... He doesn't want to be president for the poor. He doesn't want to be president for the HIV patients." "He wants to be president so that he can have access to white leaders and then they clinch deals. He is not a leader, he is a dealmaker. That's who is he is." Malema added that white people said Ramaphosa was the best president and that everyone else believed it. "White people want us to believe that we have got our saviour, we've got an engine; Cyril Ramaphosa is coming to save us." Malema added that Ramaphosa should be rejected for what he did to people in Marikana and for buying a buffalo for R18m. He said the president should also be rejected for giving half of his presidential salary to a new Madiba fund, saying it was a "misdirected type of intervention." Malema also criticised those who applauded Ramaphosa for the move. "You all clap hands as if he is the masterpiece, but this man is worth billions. Why can't he take half of what he is worth and give it to the poor? Why can't he take half a billion and give it to the poor?" Speaking about Africa Day, Malema said it's a day in which Africans can celebrate themselves and tell the world that they are Africans and proud of their heritage. "We are not ashamed of being African. We are not ashamed of being black." He told the crowd that South Africans should be gathering on Africa Day, which should be a public holiday, to remind themselves of who they are and where they come from. In addition, he said that South Africans should welcome people from other African countries as the Khoi and the San once welcomed Africans from the north who travelled to Southern Africa to settle. "None of us are from here, we come from the north and found the Khoi and the San when we settled here. The Khoi and the San welcomed us here. We should welcome others here the same way we were welcomed here." Malema promised that the EFF would rename South Africa and call it Azania.  "South Africa, we still don't have a name until today because South Africa is not a name. It's a direction." "We need a name for this beautiful country and that name will be given to this country by the EFF when we take over power in 2019. This country shall be declared Azania." Before concluding his speech, Malema called on his supporters to register for the 2019 national elections.  "Next year there [are] elections. Let's go and take this government. Go register because registration means you are armed and registration is a weapon that will be used to destroy the ANC."   