Nelson Mandela University
(NMU) students disrupted classes for several days last week, protesting against
conditions at off-campus residences. They were demanding the speedy payment of fees by
the National Student Financial Aid Scheme (NSFAS), GroundUp reported. On Wednesday morning, led
by the South African Student Congress (Sasco), students blocked entrances to
all campuses with rocks and tree branches. A Sasco statement said the
central issue is free higher education and the "atrocious conditions in
which we find ourselves as far as financial aid is concerned". "It cannot be that a
certain group of students are expected to continue with tests, examinations,
and assignments without textbooks, meals, and the relevant support material
they would have received from NSFAS," said Sasco. n a statement, NMU said it will provide emergency financial
support for qualifying and NSFAS-funded students, who are still waiting for the
funds, so that they can buy food and books. "The university will reclaim funds provided from NSFAS." Lack of transport, accommodation On Friday, students marched to the city hall and submitted a
petition to Mayor Athol Trollip. SRC president Bamanye Matiwane said, "We are against the
increase in municipal rates at accommodation where students are living. We also
want the mayor to buy these old buildings in the metro so they can be used by
students. "We also want the metro police to protect off-campus students
because shuttle services are found far away from residences." Matiwane said the lack of transport "directly impacts the
poor, black majority and particularly women that are left with no option but to
walk to their various residences and are left stranded in an environment that
is unsafe and [where] they are consistently victimised". "There are buses used in 2010 World Cup. We want students
from townships like Zwide and Motherwell to use them for free by just producing
their student cards." Sibongile Dimbaza, spokesperson for the mayor, said, "As a
municipality we sympathise with the students, but we are limited because we are
bound by law. We cannot take those dilapidated buildings [off-campus
residences] or force landowners to reduce their rentals because that is private
property. "Also, we depend on collecting tariffs for our revenue to
fund poor residents and supply them with good services."