MCDONALD Makhubedu has resigned as Baroka FC coach – and leaving the club with him are eight seniors players and other members of the technical team as the club reshuffle their nest. Those leaving include Mzwanele Mahashe, Punch Masenamela, Vigil Vries, Sipho Moeti, Lewis Macha, Rhulani Sidumo, Robin Ngalande and Lucky Nguzana. It is understood that some of the players opted not to renew their contracts with the club while others were given clearances. Makhubedu, who was moved from caretaker coach to technical adviser towards the end of the season, confirmed to SunSport yesterday that he had quit on Monday. Furthermore, SunSport has reliably learnt that there are more divisions in the team with Greg Etafia, who is also on his way out, allegedly being at the forefront of Makhubedu’s walkout. He was apparently also instrumental in Masenamela, Vries and Mahashe leaving. A close source within the club told SunSport that the former Nigeria and Moroka Swallows goalkeeper, who joined Baroka towards the end of the 2016-17 campaign as goalkeeper coach, has allegedly been an informer of Baroka chairman Khurishi Mphahlele. The source said: “Many players in the club have opted not to renew their contracts that are coming to an end next month. “The players no longer want to be part of the team because Etafia had created conflict between them and club CEO Morgan Mammila. “Etafia is the reason why Kgoloko Thobejane, Oscarine Masuluke and Olaleng Shaku’s contracts were terminated by the club earlier this year for drinking on duty.” When contacted by SunSport, Etafia would not confirm or deny the allegations as he said he was no longer part of the team and that he did not want to comment. “My contract with Baroka came to an end, I have left now and I’m back in Joburg. I’m grateful that they have been good to me since I joined them last year and I cannot comment on those allegations because I am no longer part of the Baroka family,” said Etafia. Baroka chairman Mphahlele did not want to make any comment either. He referred SunSport’s enquiries to Mammila, who was unavailable.