Mzansi TV and radio personality Bridget Masinga has had the cruel misfortune of losing a pregnancy not once, but twice. The pain of miscarrying is unimaginable and the fact that she went through it twice in a matter of a few months indicates how strong a woman she is. The 37 year-old still carries the scars from those losses but she finds comfort in her most favourite Instagram picture, that of a pregnant model, which she posted on Instagram. “The joy that radiates from her every vessel is undeniable. There's something so pure about it, maybe it's fueled by the anticipation of meeting this life that's growing inside her or perhaps it comes from being blessed with a precious gift. “What I do know is that having lost another, our third pregnancy, I often refer back to this picture in my dark moments and remind myself that for whatever reason God has made my biggest dream my most devastating test,” she captioned the picture. Bridget remains hopeful that one day the pain will turn into the greatest joy. “I truly believe that one day, I will be blessed with the greatest love of all and one day I will post my very own baby bump but until then, I will not lose faith in the Almighty nor be discouraged to stop believing in miracles and the power of true love," she added. ...it's still my most favourite Instagram picture. I don't know who she is but the joy that radiates from her every vessel is undeniable. There's something so pure about it, maybe it's fueled by the anticipation of meeting this life that's growing inside her or perhaps it comes from being blessed with a precious gift. What I do know is that having lost another, our third pregnancy, I often refer back to this picture in my dark moments and remind myself that for whatever reason God has made my biggest dream my most devastating test, and I can only keep praying that one day this test will be a testimony to the power of faith and prayer. If you, like myself are facing this heart breaking trial, don't give up, keep faith alive. God would not give us a task we cannot shoulder. I truly believe that one day, I will be blessed with the greatest love of all and one day I will post my very own baby bump but until then, I will not lose faith in the Almighty nor be discouraged to stop believing in miracles and the power of true love. ???? Love and light to all the women who long to be mothers... ???? A post shared by  Bridget Masinga (@bridgetmasinga) on May 27, 2018 at 11:46am PDT  