Skeem Saam’s Clement Maosa may be in a better place in his life now, but he has not forgotten where he comes from and the struggles he’s had to face. The actor is turning 30 today, just days after burying one of his close friends Akhumzi Jezile. Maosa has overcome all sorts of challenges in his life and he took to Instagram to share a letter he wrote to himself on his birthday detailing most of those. “You were born under unfavorable conditions but look at you,” he wrote, “For years you were ridiculed for being black and ugly but look at you now. “Your Mom and Dad were both domestic workers and couldn’t afford you nice things in life but look at you now. “Your parents left you as a teenager with nothing but look at you. You stood the worst of times and lost so many loved ones but look at you now. “You were rejected so many times and told you are not talented but look at you.” The star’s letter also included perhaps one of the lowest points in his life when he almost took his own life. “You attempted suicide twice but God knew it was not yet time, now look!,” he continued, “You could have gave up on life and surrendered to substance abuse or be a hobo but just look at you. “You could have given up on your dreams because as a villager everyone told you it’s impossible, due to your environment and lack of opportunities but look at you now. “You could have allowed fame to get to your head and lose focus but take a look at yourself.” Clement concluded his heartfelt letter to himself by acknowledging the impact his success has had not only on his life, but on the lives of many young people in Mzansi. “You are stronger than you think. Through you God has touched so many lives included all those high school teenagers you have shared your story with and they got inspired to become their best,” he wrote. LOOK AT YOU CLEMENT! Just take a look at you, you are God’s perfection. You were born under unfavorable conditions but look at you. For years you were ridiculed for being black and ugly but look at you now. Your Mom and Dad were both domestic workers and couldn’t afford you nice things in life but look at you now. Your parents left you as a teenager with nothing but look at you. You stood the worst of times and lost so many loved ones but look at you now. You were rejected so many times and told you are not talented but look at you. You attempted suicide twice but God knew it was not yet time, now look! You could have gave up on life and surrendered to substance abuse or be a hobo but just look at you. You could have dropped out of varsity due to financial challenges and the pressure of having to catch up with privileged kids from private schools but look at you now. You could have given up on your dreams because as a villager everyone told you it’s impossible,due to your environment and lack of opportunities but look at you now. You could have allowed fame to get to your head and lose focus but take a look at yourself. You have constantly proved yourself to be the best regardless of circumstances and what life throws at you. You are stronger than you think. Through you God has touched so many lives included all those high school teenagers you have shared your story with and they got inspired to become their best. JUST TAKE A CLOSER LOOK AT YOURSELF AND THANK GOD! ???? HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLEMENT MAOSA! #thebirthofkingc A post shared by  Clementmaosa (@clementmaosa) on May 9, 2018 at 1:27am PDT  