BLACK Leopards striker Joseph Mhlongo says they have a plan up their sleeves to overcome Jomo Cosmos and secure a place in the Absa Premiership next season. The teams will battle it out in the PSL’s promotion/relegation play-offs match at the Thohoyandou Stadium, Venda this afternoon (3pm). Victory for Lidoda Duvha will see them move to eight points on the mini-league table which will make it impossible for Ezenkosi and Platinum Stars to catch them. Cosmos and Dikwena, who will play each other in the last match at Vosloorus Stadioum on Saturday at the same time, are tied on two points. But Jomo Sono’s club side have a game in hand. A draw in today’s match will relegate Stars to the National First Division (NFD) while keeping Cosmos hopes of returning to the top flight alive. Said Mhlongo: “It’s important for us to collect three points at all cost. This is a do-or-die game for us as it will decide whether we go to the PSL or wait for next season, to start all over again. Only a win will help us achieve our goal and anything less than that will put us in trouble. If we draw then we won’t know what will happen in the end.” Mhlongo, who has formed a great partnership with Zambian born Mwape Musonda upfront, knows the size of task ahead of them, in a game that Clifford Mulenga of Cosmos sees an opportunity. He went on: “Cosmos are coming to us and they need a point hoping to beat Stars. This means they will defend, which will give us ball possession and more chances to score. We know our fans will come in numbers to rally behind the team and we will give our all. If we have to break a leg in the process, so be it.” Mhlongo revealed that they have more hunger to succeed compared to other Lidoda Duvha teams that failed to reach the land of milk and honey. “Every play-offs match is different. Although the core of the squad is there, the challenge is not the same like last year. The hunger we have is what helped us to get here and it’s the key to our destination.” This is Leopards fourth attempt to gain promotion via play-offs and have been unsuccessful on three occasions since the club got relegated from the PSL in the 2012-13 season.