BILLIONAIRE Patrice Motsepe’s business acumen leaves zero doubt about his ability to seal a deal. So there was never any doubt in the mind of the Mamelodi Sundowns president that he would successfully negotiate a trip to these shores by Barcelona. The Spanish giants confirmed yesterday that they will visit South Africa for the keenly awaited Nelson Mandela Centenary Cup match against Sundowns, to be played at FNB Stadium on Wednesday (6pm). The high profile friendly appeared to be hanging in the balance, as there was no word from the Spaniards up until yesterday. But Motsepe, a shrewd businessman, had the friendly all but secured when he travelled to Spain with Safa president Danny Jordaan last weekend. “There was never any doubt on my side that we had the match secured,” said Motsepe. “The only thing we had to respect was their programme. This is the year of the World Cup. If it was any other year, it would have been much, much easier to bring them here. “Barcelona are wanted in America . . . in China. If we didn’t bring them now, we would have had to wait for many, many years. We didn’t just want to bring just any team. “Barcelona have a tight schedule – some of the biggest football nations in the world have built partnerships and have agreements for the club to visit their countries. But we saw an opportunity, as we’ve been talking for a while.” It has been Motsepe’s long-held ambition to grow the Sundowns brand globally. And this match will go some way towards achieving that objective, as the clash will be streamed live on Barca TV and to various countries throughout the world. There will be various match-ups between the PSL champions and some of the biggest names in world football. But the mining magnate says he is looking forward to the clash between five-time World Player of the Year, Messi, and the Brazilians’ sizzling midfielder Percy Tau. Tickets for the match are selling fast and could all be snapped up by close of business today. Representing the Nelson Mandela Foundation, Tokyo Sexwale said the foundations still holds dear Madiba’s belief that sports can change the world.