FREE State Stars coach Luc Eymael is still indebted to Polokwane City. Rise and Shine boss Johnny Mogaladi confirmed to SunSport yesterday that the Ea Lla Koto coach still owes the club money for breaching his contract when still in charge of the Limpopo outfit. “He is paying Polokwane City in accordance with the agreement reached with the league,” explained Mogaladi. “He must pay the club the whole amount up to the last cent, according to the PSL ruling. His club Free State Stars are aware of this. Unfortunately I cannot tell you how much he owes the club and until when he will be paying us. “I spoke to Stars general manager Rantsi Mokoena before they signed him and made him aware. After his behaviour here, I told Luc he would not work anywhere in the world until he was done paying City.” A reliable source told SunSport that Eymael is paying City R30 000 every month as part of the agreement to release him before the end of his two-year contract. Eymael admitted yesterday that this was the most difficult decision he had ever made, as he wanted to continue coaching in South Africa. He added: “I don’t know where your source got that amount from. There was an agreement between me, my lawyers and Mogaladi, but I cannot reveal the amount involved as this is personal. Yes, I have to refund him. It’s an agreement we signed, as I had two years on my contract with Polokwane when I was told to return. “Legally there is an agreement because it was not easy for me to leave South Africa like that (under a cloud). Free State Stars gave me an opportunity to come back and the rest is history.” The Belgian spent eight months with the Limpopo side, during which he helped them register six wins, 11 draws and five defeats. In March 2017, Eymael left City in a huff, joining Bloemfontein Celtic two days later. That allegedly angered Mogaladi, who lodged a complaint with the PSL’s Dispute Resolution Chamber for breach of contract. Two month later, the chamber ordered Eymael to return to City to honour the remainder of his contract. Celtic were left with no choice but to let him go sort out his problems. The outspoken mentor was frustrated because he would go to City’s training sessions without anything to do, as his then-assistant Bernard Molekwa was given the task of guiding the side in their remaining games. Mogaladi finally agreed to let Eymael leave when Stars showed interest but the Belgian had no choice but sign a debt agreement with City. Eymael is currently channelling his focus towards helping Ea Lla Koto beat Maritzburg United in the Nedbank Cup final at Cape Town Stadium on Saturday (7pm). “We will do our best to prepare for the final. I hope our fans in the Free State will come down south in numbers to rally behind the team.”