Banyana Banyan head coach Desiree Ellis, has announced a squad of 24 players to face Lesotho in the second round of the 2018 Africa Women’s Cup of Nations qualifiers. The first leg will be played on Wednesday, 6 June at the Setsoto Stadium in Maseru, Lesotho (3pm). The return leg is scheduled for 10 June, the venue has not been confirmed yet Ellis has kept the bulk of the squad which represented the country in the Cyprus Cup in March. “This is the start of the Road to the World Cup in France," said Ellis. "We have played Lesotho before and even though we beat them, this is a new game and a different occasion. Victory will get us to the 2018 AWCON in Ghana, but we are all aware that no game is as easy as it seems and we have to be on top of our game to get a positive result in the first leg. We need to start on a good footing so we can finish the business at home,” said Ellis. Banyana Banyana assemble for camp on Friday, 1 June in Johannesburg and will later travel to Bloemfontein where they will have their training camp and will then move to Lesotho on 3 June. She has included three new faces in the squad – Karabo Dhlamini  (Under-17) and Khanya Xesi (Under-20), as well as Hilda Magaia, who has starred for TUT this season. The former Banyana captain has also recalled three uncapped players – Mapaseka Mpuru, who was with the Senior Women’s National Team during preparations for the 2016 Rio Olympic Games; Thato Letsoso, who was in the squad for the Burkina Faso clash and Gabriela Salgado, who was at the selection camp for the 2017 COSAFA Cup. Also making a return after a long absence due to injury is midfielder Mamello Makhabane. She was injured during the 2016 Sasol League National Championship, and has only recently returned to the game. None of the overseas-based players have been called up. “We have mixed the squad with a bit of youth and experience. We were fortunate to attend a USSA Selection trials in Cape Town recently, and also watched all the Sasol teams in Gauteng on Saturday (19 May) and also had National selection trials the next day. We also allowing the overseas based players to settle in at their clubs and this gives us an opportunity for other players to raise their hands,” added Ellis. THE FULL SQUAD GoalkeepersAndile Dhlamini, Mapaseka Mpuru , Roxanne Barker & Yolula Tsawe Defenders:  Lebogang Ramalepe (Ma-indies), Nothando Vilakazi (Palace Super Falcons), Zanele Nhlapho (Mamelodi Sundowns), Bambanani Mbane (Bloemfontein Celtic), Regina Mogolola (TUKS), Karabo Dhlamini (Mamelodi Sundowns), Thato Letsoso (University of Johannesburg). Midfielders:Kgaelebane Mohlakoana (Celtic), Rachel Sebati (TUT-PTA), Mamello Makhabane (JVW FC), Refiloe Jane (TUT-PTA), Leandra Smeda (UWC Ladies), Nompumelelo Nyandeni (JVW FC), Hilda Magaia (TUT-PTA), Gabriela Salgado (JVW FC). Strikers:Jermaine Seoposenwe (UWC Ladies), Melinda Kgadiete (Celtic), Chantelle Esau (Sundowns), Khanya Xesi (UWC Ladies) & Noko Matlou (Ma-Indies).  