That’s right, the final between Liverpool and Real Madrid is free to anyone in South Africa with a smartphone, tablet or laptop and an internet connection. How? Get online, get DStv Now, and get on to SuperSport Play! Real Madrid are the defending champions on a winning streak, having won back to back Champions League finals. Can they make this their third consecutive win and 13th in total? The pressure is on. But the Reds are equally hungry to claim the title and give Liverpool fans their sixth ever European Cup. How to livestream the Champions League final for free No problem if you don’t have DStv - the game is free to watch on your smartphone, tablet or laptop using DStv Now. There’s no need to add any payment details - just download the app or go to the website, register, and head to SuperSport Play. As long as you’ve got the data, you’re good to go. I’m on Android Android users just click on this link to get the DStv Now app and get registered. Once you’re on the app, to watch the game just go Menu > Live TV > SuperSport Play (channel 238). I’m on a computer Click on this link, register for DStv Now, and you’re good to go! If you get lost, just go Menu > Live TV > SuperSport Play (channel 238). I’m on iOS Click on this link, download the DStv Now app, register, and you’re good to go! If you get lost, just go Menu > Live TV > SuperSport Play (channel 238). Pro tip: complete the registration ahead of time and beat the rush. Once you’ve signed up for your free DStv Now account, you’ll be able to livestream the event at 20:30 on 26 May on the SuperSport Play channel. I already have DStv Anyone with DStv who wants to watch the match using the DStv Now app just needs to sign in to the app, and then go Menu > Live TV > Sport > SuperSport 3. If you’ve not yet registered for DStv Now and downloaded the app, go to now.dstv.com for all the details. What is DStv Now? DStv Now is basically an online version of DStv - it’s a way of watching sports and shows on your smartphone, tablet or laptop. Livestream some of the best DStv channels or use Catch Up to stream or download the latest episodes of your favourite shows and binge-watch entire seasons. Download the free DStv Now app for Android or iOS devices.  The Dstv
Now app has different video quality settings. Using the lowest setting, you
will need between 300-400MB to livestream the 90-minute game using mobile data.
Better yet, find a Wi-Fi hotspot and watch for free!  Watch the Champions League Final for free here »