THE MESSAGE is loud and clear: men should not abuse women. But there appears to be no change in the culture of abuse. MEN STILL USE WOMEN AS PUNCHING BAGS, EVEN TO THE POINT OF MURDER. Yesterday acting judge Peet Johnson called Sandile Mantsoe “the devil in disguise” as he told him he would be spending 32 years of his life locked up behind bars for killing Karabo Mokoena. The judge referred to the high rate of women who lose their lives at the hands of their lovers and said an example was needed to stop others following in Mantsoe’s footsteps. At the same time as Mantsoe was standing in the South Gauteng High Court, Thabani Mzolo, was accused of allegedly killing his girlfriend. He was in the Durban Magistrates Court, smiling at the cameras and making hand signals. As he walked down to the cells he made a gesture with both hands as if pulling the trigger on a gun. Sentencing Mantsoe to 32 years in prison, Johnson said Mantsoe had portrayed himself as the victim and tried to hide that he had killed and burnt Karabo. “The deceased had a right to life,” said the acting judge. He said Mantsoe had no right to take that away from her. “I am guessing you thought your riches would get you everywhere but they got you nowhere.” Karabo’s father, Thabang Mokoena, said: “Justice is done. The man thought he would get away with the murder. He was caught. “To bury the burnt body of your daughter is something else. I could not even see her.” He said it was too early to say whether the family would accept Mantsoe’s apology, who took to the stand to apologise to Karabo’s family but who continued to deny that he had killed her. National Prosecution Authority spokeswoman Phindi Mjonondwane said femicide cases are prevalent and society relies on the courts to impose harsh sentences. “This shows the courts support the fight that government is facing against femicide.” Yesterday, students from Mangosuthu University of Technology packed the Durban Magistrates Court to attend the murder case of Thabani Mzolo, a former student at the university. He is accused of allegedly killing student Zolile Khumalo (21), in her flat at the university’s residential flats in Durban. Students in court came out spitting fire after Mzolo showed no remorse. Mzolo is facing charges of murder, possession of an unlicensed firearm and ammunition. Magistrate Mohammed Motala postponed the matter to 10 May. “The court will decide on that day whether you qualify for bail or not,” he said. Mzolo remains behind bars. SRC president Sandile Dlamini said the students were angered by the suspect’s behaviour. “We hope the court officials noted that so it is considered during his trial,” he said. The family of the dead woman was not in court. University spokeswoman Mbali Mkhize said management has started working on beefing up security at students’ residences. The suspect was arrested on Wednesday after allegedly handing himself over to cops. Minister of International Relations Lindiwe Sisulu has condemned the murder.