THE third week of the nationwide bus strike was full of drama in Mpumalanga yesterday. Buscor driver Michael Mkhabela’s house was set alight in the early hours of yesterday morning. Michael (42), from Tekwane South outside Mbombela, decided not to strike. He said a petrol bomb was thrown at his house and suddenly there was fire everywhere. Michael said he was woken up by the sound of his wife screaming. “When I went to see what was going on, I saw uncontrollable flames,” he said. He suspects his striking colleagues were behind the attack. Michael said he didn’t join the strike because he is the breadwinner. “The strike is based on a no work, no pay policy. “My needs are not the same as those of my colleagues. “I couldn’t stay at home but I didn’t know going to work would result in this tragedy. “I am too scared to go back to work. I will wait until the union has resolved everything.” The fire also caused damage to his neighbour Cynthia Ngomane’s house. Cynthia said her family was sad because their lives were changed by something that had nothing to do with them. “This is too much for us. We don’t even work at Buscor.” Buscor chairwoman Nora Fakude said the company visited Michael and will give him the support he needs. Phakamile Hlubi, spokeswoman for the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa, said the strike will only end when employers negotiate in good faith. Mpumalanga police spokesman Captain Gerald Sedibe said two buses were petrol bombed in the early hours of Tuesday morning. “We’ve opened a case of malicious damage to property and investigations are underway. As for the other case, we have not received any information yet,” he said. Lonwabo Manyongo (30), who ferries passengers in his Avanza, said he is struggling because people are only using taxis. “People no longer need us to transport them to their bus stops,” he said. Negotiations reached a dead end when employers offered an 8% increase in the first year and an 8,5% increase in the second year. The striking workers are demanding a 9% increase.