While researching a drug for treating osteoporosis,
scientists may have found a way to cure baldness. Researchers recently discovered that WAY-316606, a drug used
to treat osteoporosis, can induce hair growth. The drug has however not yet
undergone any clinical trials. Scientists forming part of a project run by the University
of Manchester's Centre for Dermatology Research previously investigated the
chemical compounds in the immunosuppressant drug Cyclosporin A (CsA), because
of excessive hair growth (hypertrichosis) being one of its side effects. A safer alternative The study, published in the Public Library of Science (PLOS) Biology journal,
states that because it was found that CsA potentially induces hair growth in
humans, scientists decided to pursue that angle. CsA however has a toxic profile – and it would be harmful to
use the drug purely for the benefit of a side-effect, rather than its primary
function. This meant scientists needed to find a safer alternative to
the chemical compound found in CsA. They then discovered WAY-316606 – a drug
used to treat osteoporosis. The scientists tested WAY-316606 on more than 40 human scalp
hair follicles samples and found that the samples went into a state of anagen –
the active growth phase of hair follicles. A chemical compound in CsA restricts the protein, Secreted
Frizzled-Related Protein-1 (SFRP-1), which usually slows or stops the growth of
new hair follicles. They believe that WAY-316606 delivers the same effect and
restricts the action of SFRP-1, while avoiding the harmful effects of CsA. Bring on a clinical trial The study's lead, Dr Nathan Hawkshaw, told Sky News that this breakthrough could, one day, make a
real difference to people who suffer from hair loss. "The fact that this new agent, which had never even
been considered in a hair loss context, promotes human hair growth is exciting
because of its translational potential. "Clearly though, a clinical trial is required next to
tell us whether this drug or similar compounds are both effective and safe in
hair loss patients," said Dr Hawkshaw. - Health24