HE STANDS near the mall and seems like a very inspired and angry pastor. He may not even be a pastor at all, but nobody seems to care. THE PUBLIC LOVE THE WAY HE LASHES OUT AT TSOTSI PASTORS! The video of the mysterious pastor on the streets of Tembisa, Gauteng, hit social media with a bang. While pastors in the area are unhappy with the man the people have named “The Lashing Pastor”, people are enjoying his message, on the streets and on the internet. Among the things he preaches are sermons against pastors who claim to cure Aids. “There is no way water will heal you of HIV. Do not listen to people who come to you and say they were diagnosed but after using the pastor’s holy water, they were cured,” he says on the Facebook video in Zulu. He said it was a lie for people to say they drank holy water and all their problems with their partners disappeared. “We have distanced ourselves from God and placed our trust in fake pastors,” he said. He said: “Girls buy T-shirts belonging to the church, but still they perform adultery. “The boys even lift it up to do what they want to do while she is wearing it.” He even lambasted those who hold onto TVs to get blessings. “What happens if electricity goes off while they are still receiving? Does that mean Jesus has also left?” he asked He said all Jesus wanted was a person’s heart. “But today when people want God, they look for him in holy waters. God is not a Russian, he doesn’t stay in oil,” he said. Daily Sun’s efforts to locate the pastor were fruitless. It is not known yet when the video was taken, but it was near the Tembisa Mall. While the people seem to love him, pastors have shaken their heads in disbelief. “This is not a pastor from this area. He may not even be a pastor by profession judging by the language he uses,” said Pastor David Masondo from Tembisa. Dr Patrick Molotsi, from Tembisa’s Transformation Forum, which monitors all pastors in the area, said: “There are children in the presence of that pastor. We do not approve of the way he speaks.” But social media users had this to say: Mongezi Mangena said: “Well, if you excuse the tone, he is actually making a lot of sense.” Aubrey Mahlase said: “The pastor is 100% on point, but he is also talented in comedy.” Kenneth Mathebula said he loves him. Ezekiel Mkhwanazi said: ‘To the point. Good pastor. Tired of these crooks.” Sylvester Mahlangu: “We need more pastors like him.” WATCH VIDEO BELOW:  