THE veil of pretence has finally been torn down! Antagonists Irvin Khoza and Danny Jordaan are now on a new collision course. This time, though, it’s unlikely to end well between the football heavyweights, as Khoza refuses to be Jordaan’s “scapegoat” as the latter seeks to use “my name as a divergent in a matter I have nothing to do with”. PSL chairman Khoza and the Safa president haven’t seen eye to eye for years. And Khoza came out guns blazing at a media conference in Parktown, Joburg, yesterday, to refute claims that he is behind Jordaan’s rape charge. The Safa president stands accused of rape after former ANC MP Jennifer Ferguson reportedly opened a case against him for an incident that took place 24 years ago. But Jordaan alleges Khoza is behind the charge and has since opened a case of defamation, criminal collusion and conspiracy against him. He further alleges Khoza paid for Ferguson’s flight and accommodation expenses for her return to the country. Khoza, however, hasn’t taken kindly to the claims and hit back at Jordaan yesterday. “The charges against me are unfounded, have no bearing on the truth. They are, in fact, malicious and an abuse of state organs and processes,” he fumed. “I do not know Ms Jennifer Ferguson. I have never met her, spoken to her and I have never had any form of contact with her. “I have never had contact with anyone associated with Ms Ferguson, or sent anyone to talk to her. I have never been approached by anyone associated with her.” Khoza further explained it wasn’t the first time he had faced accusations from Jordaan. He said: “There is a pattern of conspiracy theories that are created as divergence. These are outrageous conspiracy theories, making allegations of a serious nature that are later abandoned when their mission of divergence are accomplished. “Common to these events, Dr Jordaan, the aggressor, is portrayed as a victim of the all-powerful Irvin Khoza. In 2004, allegations were made that Jordaan was shot at and I was a key suspect, and then there were allegations of a coup plan in 2009.”Khoza said he hadn’t seen the charges opened against him and could not be drawn on his course of action.He concluded: “I don’t own the zoo, so I cannot be responsible for the monkeys. Jordaan attacks people in public and apologises in private.“This time I’m not going to lapse in my pursuit of truth and justice in this matter.”Jordaan will be seeking re-election as Safa president at the governing body’s congress on 26 May.Efforts to get hold of Jordaan proved unsuccessful yesterday. 