Late TV and radio producer Akhumzi Jezile was one of the most talented and most loved TV personalities in Mzansi and his sudden death sent shock waves throughout the whole country. Everyone who had the pleasure of either meeting or working with the 29 year old had nothing but good stories to share about him. Former YO-TV presenter Lumko Johnson was one of Akhumzi’s close friends and he shared three standout moments he shared with him. “He was such an idiot with his mouth,” Lumko wrote as he recalled three moments from the star’s life that will stay with him forever. The first standout moment  with Akhumzi that still makes Lumko laugh to this day was when they “agreed to book a veteran actress for a TV interview to speak on a Heritage Day special. “ Production called to get the legends address so we could send a crew to film her at home, she backtracked on the interview asking for upfront payment. “ Akhumzi had to break it to her that it wasn’t a paying interview. Upon hanging up the phone from speaking to her, he whispered to me “With all due respect, uyanya lo mama.” The second one was when  “In the last minute I was roped into a review meeting with channel,” Lumko recalls,  “i was dressed in what I thought was pretty chic in chino’s and a see through mesh top. “Akhumzi, walked into the elevator with some channel heads and introduced me as: ‘This is Lumko, he’s really good at his job, nevermind the nipple peeping through this lingerie he’s wearing at work.’ I wanted to die!,” he wrote. Last but not least, another funny  Akhumzi moment that will stay with Lumko forever was when he was “driving once with my mom on a Friday evening, Akhumzi called to remind me my call time for the next day had changed. At the end of the conversation he shouted: “Bye Mofza, give your bum a break this weekend, I’m sure it’s so tired.” HE WAS ON SPEAKER!” Akhumzi was laid to rest on Saturday at West Park cemetery, Johannesburg. He was such an idiot with his mouth - I remember 3 incidences that still crack me up now: 1. We agreed to book a veteran actress for a TV interview to speak on a Heritage Day special. Production called to get the legends address so we could send a crew to film her at home, she backtracked on the interview asking for upfront payment. Akhumzi had to break it to her that it wasn’t a paying interview. Upon hanging up the phone from speaking to her, he whispered to me “With all due respect, uyanya lo mama.”??????‍???? 2. In the last minute I was roped into a review meeting with channel. I was dressed in what I thought was pretty chic in chino’s and a see through mesh top. Akhumzi, walked into the elevator with some channel heads and introduced me as: “This is Lumko, he’s really good at his job, nevermind the nipple peeping through this lingerie he’s wearing at work.” I wanted to die! ????‍?????? 3. I was driving once with my mom on a Friday evening, Akhumzi called to remind me my call time for the next day had changed. At the end of the conversation he shouted: “Bye Mofza, give your bum a break this weekend, I’m sure it’s so tired.” HE WAS ON SPEAKER! ???? If all of this is a fucking prank Akhumzi, I really hate you?? A post shared by  ???????? (@lumkojohnson) on May 2, 2018 at 11:22pm PDT  