In what has to be the most nail-biting finale of any Tropika Island of Treasure to date, Brendan Peyper and Lisanne Lazarus (#TeamRed) came out victorious in the final challenge, making them the winners of #TIOT8 and that coveted R1 million prize! In last night’s final episode of the series, #TeamRed fought hard to beat Nay Maps and Rudi Witkowsky (#TeamYellow) for the title of #TIOT8 champions. Did #TeamYellow expect to go head to head against #TeamRed in the final? Both Maps and Witkowsky note “yes”. “We knew that there was a strong possibility that if we had to make it the finals, we could face #TeamRed because they were very strong in the first few challenges and were really consistent throughout the season,” says Maps. Witkowsky echoes Maps’ sentiments, and adds: “While we expected to compete in the final against #TeamRed, the fact that there were so many Slenda Twists throughout #TIOT8 meant that the game could turn at any point – making it anyone’s final! #TIOT8 was really full of surprises”. #TeamYellow fought hard to maintain their place in the competition throughout the season, and it worked well leading them into the final against #TeamRed. They unfortunately didn’t take the top spot, but they did earn themselves many a fan who followed their bromance throughout #TIOT8. When asked about their bromance and team dynamic, Witkowsky confirmed that the two genuinely are the best of friends. “Throughout #TIOT8, Nay and I had so much fun and bonded really well.  We were both relaxed and laughed all day every day. We never blamed each other for any losses or mistakes; we always encouraged each other no matter what and just had the most fun in every challenge. We understood each other's strengths and weaknesses, and were both extremely open with each other. Upon team selections we told each other exactly how we felt about each other – which was the best thing that we could have done. Nay and I truly are best mates today. YEBO, TEAM YELLOW!” Maps affirms Rudi’s sentiments 100%. “I loved how we blended and complimented each other. It was great how Rudi ran with the team spirit and energy I brought along. He was a team player in every sense of the word and we became brothers. That made our bond even greater and by being there for one another we both contributed to taking #TeamYellow as far as we could”. Q&A with Nay Maps and Rudi Witkowsky shortly after the finale: When you found out you’d be on the show, did you expect you’d make it to the final?Nay Maps: It was my intention and belief from the very beginning to make it to the final and compete for the R1 million. Once you found out who your competitors (individuals and teams) were, did you feel as confident about making it to the end?Rudi Witkowsky: I’ll be honest; with the first few individual challenges I thought that I would truly make it to the final. In the end, I won none of them. I learnt a lesson in the first week of being on #TIOT8 that everyone was chosen for a reason and that this truly is anyone's game. Once the teams were selected I had mixed feelings and was even more weary. I knew that the game would not be easy as each team had something different and special about them. We had to remain true to ourselves and believe in our own capabilities. What surprised you most about this season of Tropika Island of Treasure?Nay Maps: What surprised me most was the elimination of Team Coral so early in the competition, as well as the Slenda Twists throughout the season. Rudi Witkowsky: I did not expect the points system to be a rolling points system (where points were accumulated after each challenge). Also, watching the show from your TV screen is a lot different to actually competing in the challenges. It’s easy to judge from your lounge what to do and what not to do. In the actual moment you have minimal time (and maximum stress and pressure) to make rational decisions. What did you enjoy most about being on TIOT8?Nay Maps: I enjoyed spending time in the Maldives which I had always wanted to experience and see; I enjoyed meeting the amazing people I met and spending time together with them - we really had so much fun. I also thoroughly enjoyed laughing and learning more about myself and life; and most of all, I’m grateful for the friendship I found in my team mate, Rudi. Rudi Witkowsky: I enjoyed meeting new people and interacting with all the different types of personalities and learning about different cultures. I also really enjoyed experiencing the smoooth island life from a different perspective - instead of just lounging by the pool, we were extremely active all day competing in challenges (in one of the most beautiful places on earth!)  It was my first time in the Maldives and I absolutely loved it. I will never forget the experience. Where to, for you, from here (beyond TIOT8)?Nay Maps:  Here’s to more traveling, more laughter, inspiring more people, touching more lives and making an impact through my motivational talks, fashion, acting career and music. I will be releasing my first music single towards the end of this year, so keep an eye out for that. I also intend to work on other big TV shows and blockbuster films in SA and in Hollywood. Rudi Witkowsky: I recently quit my 9-5 accounting desk-job and decided to pursue my true passion of fitness and health. TIOT8 made me realise that there is more to life (for me) than chasing money, and I have decided to pursue my true passion – fitness. I am in the process of opening up my own private fitness studio in Cape Town, and will also offer at-home personal training, selling workout plans, and offering corporate wellness and fitness advice. In addition, I will also continue to pursue my modeling and acting career; and will be getting into motivational speaking – with focus on inspiring the youth of today to follow and live out their dreams. I will never forget the journey with TIOT8 and I am forever grateful for it. I will speak about it forever. The people I met and the friends I made were amazing and truly are lifelong friends today. Thank you TIOT8 for the experience of a lifetime. I do not know how to thank you enough. I wish everyone had the opportunity to experience it. I learned so much about myself and life. It was something I truly needed. 