MARITZBURG United chairman, Farook Kadodia, ran short of saying GOOD RIDDANCE, to William Twala who appears to have been a burden for the Team of Choice. “When he came to us he was not 100% fit,” said Kadodia. “Remember he had an injury while at Chiefs. He only lasted four weeks with us, before he was back on crutches. Take nothing away from him, he is a good person to have around.” He further emphasised being injury prone is not the only obstacle preventing them from keeping him permanently – but his tie to Chiefs. Explains Kadodia: “He’s still contracted to Chiefs with a good hefty salary. If he can sort out his contract (with Chiefs) then we might reconsider our decision. But he must also look into the injury factor – if that is sorted then we would be happy to have him.” Meanwhile, Kadodia confirmed to SunSport that they have officially opened talks with SuperSport United over the availability of winger Fagrie Lakay. The 22-year-old was key to relegated Ajax Cape Town where he was on loan from January. “We have approached SuperSport and made our intentions clear that we want him (Lakay) on a permanent basis,” Kadodia said. “Now it is left to them to decided whether they are willing to sell or not. We must also take it into consideration that the player might also have his own interests elsewhere. But if he is happy to come to us we will make the deal and bring him on board.” After the departure of their captain Bevan Fransman last week, Kadodia said they are on a look out for his replacement. The 35-year-old played a huge role in helping the Team of Choice this season as captain, and led them to the Nedbank Cup final. Kadodia said Denwin Farmer is still young and cannot be considered as Fransman’s replacement, as they are looking for experience. The 21-year-old is expected to join the Team of Choice when the players report for pre-season late next month. Farmer was part of the swap deal made by the two teams in January that saw striker Evans Rusike going to Matsatsantsa a Pitori.