THE National Minimum Wage Bill was passed by the National
Assembly which is a direct response to the call made in the 1955 Freedom
Charter. Labour Minister Mildred Oliphant presented three amended
labour bills before the National Assembly. These are the National Minimum Wage Bill, the Basic
Conditions of Employment Amendment Bill and the Labour Relations Amendment
Bill. All three bills were passed by the National Assembly and
will be sent to the National Council of Provinces for concurrence. “Every journey starts often with a small step. The journey
to address the plight of the lowest paid workers reached a milestone,” she
said. Oliphant added that even though the bills seemed “mild”, they are
“groundbreaking” in character. Referring to the “robust engagement” between social partners
throughout the formulation of the bills, Oliphant said it is a reminder that
democracy is alive and real in South Africa. “We must recognise that we may not agree all the time, it is
normal to disagree at times.” The national minimum wage seeks to improve the lives of the
lowest paid workers in the labour market and will address the inequality
challenge in South Africa and by extension poverty, Oliphant explained. A national minimum wage commission will also be established
to take over the functions of the Employment Equity Commission. The commission
will review the national minimum wage, currently at R20 per hour, annually. Oliphant added that the Basic Conditions of Employment
Amendment Billl has proposed amendments as a consequence of the National
Minimum Wage Bill. It is designed to reinforce and create an “enabling legal
environment” for the national minimum wage. It also redefines the role of the
Council for Conciliation Mediation and Arbitration on matters which may arise
as a result of the implementation of the minimum wage. The Labour Relations Amendment Bill in turn will give effect
to a code of good practice on strengthening collective bargaining, preventing
violent and prolonged strikes. The bulk purpose of the amendments is purely administrative
– preventing employers from side-stepping new legislation without following due
processes, she explained. “For far too long millions of South Africans [have sat] on
the margins of economic and social progress,” said Oliphant. The disconnect between those at the top and those at the
bottom must be addressed, and the wealth creators and disadvantaged in society
should be brought together. African National Congress MP and chairperson of the
portfolio committee on labour Sharome Van Schalkwyk hit back at claims that the
committee rushed the process of considering the amendments. She added that the R20 per hour rate is a starting point,
increasing the income of more than six million South Africans. The benefit of
this move will have a wider reach as these workers often have to support their
families. She also criticised the call by the South African Federation
of Trade Unions (Saftu) for a minimum wage of R12 500, calling it a “massive
shock” to the economy. “We must be realistic and not reckless in the process,” said
Van Schalkwyk. Democratic Alliance MP Michael Bagraim criticised the “undue
and desperate haste” with which the bills ran through the portfolio committee. He also raised concerns over the job losses that would
follow. He noted that Saftu did not have a fair opportunity to make its
submissions in the consultation processes. SOURCE: NEWS24