SATURDAY'S Nedbank Cup final between Maritzburg United and Free State Stars could turn into a battle between two very capable goalkeepers, Richard Ofori and Thela Ngobeni. In most cases, midfielders and strikers are credited for winning matches while those manning the last line of defence are usually ignored and not given much credit. But with these two performers between the sticks, fans can expect a final of fireworks as strikers launch an assault on the goalkeepers. Ofori, the Ghanaian who has played in three Ke Yona matches and 27 in the Absa Premiership, could be United’s protective armour. Ea Lla Koto, on the other hand, will rely heavily on Ngobeni’s keen eye, which has helped them reach the cup final. He featured in all four matches in the lead-up to tomorrow’s final at the Cape Town Stadium (7pm). You have to hand it to United – they have been victims of circumstance at certain stages this season, were plagued by some poor performances and the usual dose of injuries, but that has not stood in their way. Now they have just one more hurdle to clear to take possession of the R7 million winners’ prize. The 24-year-old Ofori told SunSport the game of football “is very unpredictable – you don’t know what to expect from your opponents”. “The solution to that is to prepare thoroughly and be ready for anything,” said the up-and-coming Ghanaian Black Stars player. “At times you will be expecting the match to go your way, only for it to go against you. I have practised hard and am ready for extra time or penalties, should it reach that stage. Penalties are the last thing on my mind, but hey, as a goalkeeper you must be ready for them too.” Ofori has been United’s trump card in their fairy-tale season, helping them knock Mamelodi Sundowns out of the MTN8 in the quarter-final stage. They finished the 2017-18 PSL season fourth in the table – their highest finish in the club’s history. They will be playing in their first cup final tomorrow and should they win, it will see them qualify for the Caf Confederation Cup – also for the first time. Just like most of United’s players, Ofori will be playing his first cup final tomorrow and he is looking forward to it. The only gold medal he has in his cabinet is for winning the Ghana Premier League with his former club Wa All Stars. Added Ofori: “Everyone wants to win the league and cup competitions, and that is our goal too. We didn’t win the championship but we still have a chance of winning the Nedbank Cup. I promise to do everything in my power to win it!”