Renowned South African media personality, DJ Sbu has made another groundbreaking move. Over the past 17 years of his career, the radio and TV personality, whose real name is Sbusiso Leope, has sought to carve a unique path for himself and others. He has used his work to inspire, uplift and educate the less fortunate. And now he is taking things to another level. Together with the 3Sixty Financial Services Group, DJ Sbu has launched The Hustlers Academy. According to a media statement, DJ Sbu “intends to develop the minds and the ability of thousands of young hustlers in the country and change lives”. “The Hustlers Academy is an independent privately funded economic empowerment project spearheaded by Leope to address the overwhelming lack of jobs and incumbent graduates into the system on an annual basis,” the statement continues. The academy has already taken in 24 young students who were unemployed at the point of enrollment and have been with the school for six weeks now. Within these six weeks, Sbu says his students are already making more than R5 000 and he expects them to increase that to R8 000 by the end of the next month. He further projects that each of his students with make R12 000 a month by the of June, all while learning through the academy. “We will train and educate young hustlers to either be entrepreneurs or corporate hustlers! Our training programme and academy curriculum will produce the best sales force this country has seen and develop the minds of Hustlers to understand how the world works and how to stand out. In partnership with 3Sixty Group we will develop entrepreneurs who start businesses and employ teams of hustlers within an 18-month period,” he said. ACADEMY TO DEVELOP HUSTLERS DJ Sbu also known as Sbusiso Leope has partnered with the 3Sixty Financial Services Group to positively impact thousands of young lives and families in South Africa with his own school, a learning academy. Aptly titled ‘The Hustlers Academy’. Leope intends to develop the minds and the ability of thousands of young hustlers in the country and change lives. ‘The Hustlers Academy’ is an independent privately funded economic empowerment project spearheaded by Leope to address the overwhelming lack of jobs and incumbent graduates into the system on an annual basis. The 3Sixty Group is a well-established financial services company with a disruptive strategy that offers clients more benefits for their rand. The partnership represents a meeting of the minds and the hearts for the development of opportunities for young South Africans. ‘We will train and educate young hustlers to either be entrepreneurs or corporate hustlers. Our training programme and academy curriculum will produce the best sales force this country has seen and develop the minds of Hustlers to understand how the world works and how to stand out. In partnership with 3Sixty Group we will develop entrepreneurs who start businesses and employ teams of hustlers within an 18-month period. Group CEO and Chairman of 3Sixty Financial Services Group, Mr. Khandani Msibi is confident that ‘The Hustlers Academy’ will play a game-changing role in developing and changing the way corporates are structured in providing a ceiling for employees as far as earnings are concerned. A post shared by  #HustlersAcademy (@djsbulive) on May 9, 2018 at 6:30am PDT  We will train and educate young hustlers to either be entrepreneurs or corporate hustlers! Read more www.hustlersacademy.co.za @hustlersacademysa #HustlersAcademy #NoVilaphing #BigAnnouncement #DjSbu #Educate #Education #Entrepreneurship A post shared by  #HustlersAcademy (@djsbulive) on May 9, 2018 at 6:39am PDT  This is our first intake of 24 young people. These guys were all unemployed a few weeks ago. They have now been with the programme for 6 weeks. None of them made less than R5k on their first month while learning. None of them will earn less than R8k end of this month while learning. None of them will earn less than R12k end of June while learning. No jobs are coming guys. Time to get up & hustle. No more BHADLING ekasi. Come join us we will teach you how to make money. Next intake is month end you can apply on www.hustlersacademy.co.za #HustlersAcademy #NoVilaphing #BigAnnouncement www.hustlersacademy.co.za A post shared by  #HustlersAcademy (@djsbulive) on May 9, 2018 at 6:55am PDT  #RepostSave @massivmetro with @repostsaveapp ··· Group CEO of @3sixtygroup Mr Msibi & Founder of @2020leaders Mr Sbusiso Leope at the opening of @hustlersacademysa which is opening it's doors to the youth and unemployed people of South Africa They have just taken their new intake of 24 unemployed young people. Next intake will be end of May. Applications can be made to www.hustlersacademy.co.za A post shared by  #HustlersAcademy (@djsbulive) on May 9, 2018 at 9:25am PDT   