A SYRIAN man has been stuck at an airport for more than
two months because he’s determined to avoid his country’s civil war and no
other country will have him. Hassan Al Kontar (36) currently calls the airport in Kuala
Lumpur, Malaysia, home. The toilet for people for disabilities is where he washes
himself, and Al Kontar sleeps in chairs or under a stairwell. A kind airline
provides him with a daily meal of rice and chicken, and sometimes he splashes
out on a meal from the airport’s McDonalds. Hassan left Syria in 2006 because he’s a pacifist and
doesn’t want to fight. If he returns to Syria, he will be arrested. Meantime,
they have refused to renew his passport, leaving him in a legal limbo. He initially worked in the UAE as an insurance marketing
agent until his permit expired in 2011. He dodged the authorities for the next six years but was
eventually deported to Malaysia in 2017. Malaysia is one of the few countries in the world where
Syrians are allowed to come in without a visa, but can only stay for a limited
period of time. His efforts to get to Ecuador in South America and
Cambodia in south east Asia failed, and he was returned to Malaysia – where he’s
not allowed to leave the airport. Speaking to The
Guardian, Hassan said: “I don’t know what to say or what to do. I need a
solution, I need a safe place where I can be legally, with work. “Syria is out of
the question, even if I am staying here forever. I don’t want to be part of the
fight, I don’t want to kill anyone. I don’t want to be killed as well. It’s not
my war.” According to CNN's Becky Anderson, his situation is not
"unprecedented" and could become a more common problem for Syrian
refugees because many countries will not accept Syrian nationals. Hassan agrees. “It’s not only my problem. It’s the
problem of hundreds of Syrian guys who feel they are hated, rejected, unwanted,
weak, lonely,” said Hassan to The
Guardian. Hassan has made the most of Twitter to spread the word of
his plight around the world. A Canadian woman is currently raising funds for
him to get to Canada, and the UN is trying to provide legal aid.  