FOLLOWING 17 years of providing the greater Joburg
jazz-loving community with stellar monthly performances, the Birchwood Hotel
and OR Tambo Conference Centre will celebrate its 17th anniversary this month. They will be
welcoming renowned Afro Jazz musician, Oliver Mtukudzi, to the lead the line-up
at the Birchwood Comes Alive Jazz Evening, in association with the City of
Ekurhuleni, on Friday 8 June. Known as the “grandmaster of traditional Zimbabwean Pop” and
having just released his 67th album, Oliver Mtukudzi, will be headline the
evening with his deep voice and lyrical masterpieces that reflect everyday
struggles. “Every month, we are faced with the challenge of selecting
our line-up from an ocean of African talent. It is so wonderful to see how the
local music scene is rapidly growing, forming new genres and sounds that are
both familiar and modern. We want to keep showcasing local storytellers and talent
that inspires our nation to pursue their dreams and conquer any challenge,”
says Jazzman Mahlakgane, Director of The Birchwood Hotel & OR Tambo
Conference Centre. Supporting Mtukudzi are The Afro Tenors, offering a fusion
of African tradition and European Opera. Representing South Africa at various
international events, the three tenors Agos Moahi, Given Mabena and Lucky
Sibandan have shared the stage with a variety of local and international
headliners. Passionate about showcasing diversity, the group merges their love
of Opera with sounds reminiscent of local culture. Upcoming Afro Pop songstress, Naledi Brown, will open the
evening, just after releasing her debut album, Buyel’ekhaya. Having started her
career as a backing vocalist, she has come a long way in releasing her solo
album fifteen years later. Spicing up the evening with some humour are comedians Elton
Mduduzi and Simphiwe Shembe, who will be joining resident MC Hector Motivator
on the Birchwood Hotel stage. “We welcome Gauteng’s Jazz-fans to join us in celebrating
local talent, meeting new friends and creating memories. Our anniversary
celebration is definitely something you don’t want to miss,” says Mahlakgane. Get ready for an unforgettable evening shared with friends,
family and fellow Jazz-lovers. Tickets are R450 a person or R 4 500 for a table of 10 and
includes a delicious three-course meal. 