Senior Democratic Alliance members have been sharing a fake
Auditor General document on social media, that claims adverse findings made
against embattled Cape Town mayor Patricia de Lille. News24 has confirmed that the document shared by at least
two DA members of Parliament on social media is a forgery. The DA members include deputy chief Whip Mike Waters, who is
also a deputy federal chairperson of the party, and National Council of Provinces
MP Bronwynn Engelbrecht. The social media post in question shows a picture of De
Lille with the headline "Patricia de Lille exposed", before listing
alleged breaches made by De Lille relating to MiCity bus tenders. It lists three alleged contraventions of various municipal
laws, including the municipal systems act, and draws the conclusion that
"De Lille did not exercise her responsibility" in the procurement
process of MyCiti buses. It is then purportedly signed by Auditor General of South
Africa (AGSA) Thembekile "Kimi" Makwetu at the end of the page. AGSA spokesperson Africa Boso confirmed with News24 on
Friday that Makwetu did not give his signature for the purported document, and
that their municipal findings will only be released later this month. "The Auditor-General of South (AGSA) did not sign or
know the origins of the document you are enquiring about," Boso told
News24 via email. "The AGSA will deal with all matters relating to
municipal audits when it tables/releases its general report on the audit
results of all the country’s municipalities on 23 May." AG does 'not make findings against individuals' Makwetu himself confirmed to News24 that, as national head,
he does not personally sign municipal or provincial documents in the way that
is shown in the purported document. His office also does not make findings against specific
individuals, as is also suggested in the document. The news comes in a week where De Lille's future hangs in
the balance, after almost 70% of DA councillors in the City of Cape Town voted
to oust her as mayor in a motion of no confidence two weeks ago. From Water's and Engelbrecht's posts in late April, the
document was subsequently re-posted or shared by at least another four members,
two of whom are councillors in the Cape Town and Ekurhuleni municipalities
respectively. Waters told News24 on Monday that he had no idea the
document was a fake, as he had simply "reposted" it from social
media. "No of course I didn't know, if that's the case. I got
it from Twitter," Waters said. The post was an original post from Waters, both on his
Facebook and Twitter accounts. He though maintained that he first saw it on
Twitter, and then subsequently used it on his own accounts. He agreed that it was problematic, and the issue warranted
further investigation. "Of course [it's worrying], someone is forging the AG's
signature, which is obviously in itself fraud." Document 'not used' in DA's disciplinary against De Lille Engelbrecht told News24 on Monday that she needed to check
her Facebook feed again, as she cannot remember the specific details of the
post in question. DA spokesperson Natasha Mazzone responded to News24's
request for comment on Monday, including if the document formed part of the
DA's charges against De Lille. "This document is not an official communication of the
DA and has not been shared on any official DA platforms, nor has it formed part
of the ongoing disciplinary matter between the DA and the City of Cape Town
Mayor, Patricia de Lille. SOURCE: NEWS24