JOMO Cosmos will need to win at all costs when they meet Platinum Stars tomorrow to keep their hopes of gaining promotion to the Absa Premiership alive. Ezenkosi will travel to Moruleng, North West, hoping to redeem themselves after failing to secure maximum points in their home fixture on Sunday, a 2-2 draw with Black Leopards at Vosloorus Stadium. Now they find themselves under immense pressure to win tomorrow to keep up with Leopards, who currently lead the three-team mini-league with four points. Ezenkosi, who visit Dikwena at Moruleng Stadium tomorrow at 7.30pm, have one point while Stars have zero. A win for Cosmos will see them draw level with Leopards on four points, while a defeat could be catastrophic, as they will be pushed into the bottom spot by Stars. Cosmos owner-coach Jomo Sono was impressed with the performance in Vosloorus on Sunday, where Thato Lingwati scored a last-gasp goal to secure a point for his team. But Sono admitted that they have a mountain to climb in their next match. “We have started well, but with a draw. There’s still a long way to go. Sometimes with a young team like this, the players become nervous, they are unsure, but now they believe in themselves. “We watched Stars in action against Leopards. They are very difficult opponents but we will see what we can do. “It will be another hard game for us because they desperately want the three points and we want them too. “They know that if they lose to us, then they’re as good as out of the race.” Sono believes their start will not determine how things end. He references 2015, where they won the play-offs despite starting their run with a defeat. The coach continued: “The boys show a lot of character, we will keep fighting till the end. “If you recall when we got promoted two years ago, we lost the first game 2-0 and everybody said we were out of it. It will be similar this year.” “We are playing good football and we are prepared to fight until the end because this team deserves to be in the Premier League. “If we did not lose three players, Mxolisi Macupu, Linda Mntambo and Frederic Nsabiyumva, in January it would be a different story now.”