The 60th anniversary of the Miss South Africa pageant, termed the Diamond Jubilee, took place on Sunday evening at the Sun Arena, Time Square in Tshwane. The momentous evening was hosted by TV icon, Bonang Matheba and saw the crowning of 23-year-old Tamaryn Green as the 60th Miss SA.  Tamaryn took over the reigns from Dr. Ade van Heerden.  The radiant Tamaryn is a medical student from Paarl and she walked away with over R3-million in prizes. She will also be representing South Africa at the Miss Universe pageant at the end of the year. Tamaryn said that she was looking forward to representing the country with class while also giving back to Mzansi communities. “I promise to build on the legacy of all former Miss South Africa title holders and to represent my country with elegance, style, beauty and unwavering commitment. Miss South Africa is so much more than just a competition. It is a calling, an opportunity to give back to the country that has richly provided so much to me so far,” she said.  Runner up was 26-year-old BCom graduate, Thulisa Keyi from East London who took the Miss World South Africa title and will represent SA on the global stage later this year. She took home nearly R600 000 in prizes.  The event was a star-studded affair with celebrity appearances and early 40 former Miss South Africa title holders including Miss Worlds Penny Rey Coelen (1958), Anneline Kriel Bacon (1974) and Rolene Strauss (2014). Also in attendance were former Miss Universe Margaret Gardiner (1978) and the reigning Miss Universe Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters. Crowd favourites, Basetsana Makgalamele Kumalo (1994), Kerishnie Naiker (1997) and Bokang Montjane Tshabalala (2010) also graced the stage. This year’s pageant was judged by a panel of well-known South African personalities including talk show host and radio jock, Anele Mdoda; entrepreneur and television presenter Janez Vermeiren; businesswoman and media mogul Khanyi Dhlomo; marketing guru Khaya Dlanga; award-winning magazine editor Michelle van Breda; Miss World 2014, Dr Rolene Strauss and celebrity chef and TV personality Siba Mtongana.  The organisers of the pageant have welcomed Tamaryn with open arms. “Tamaryn joins an exceptional group of women, many of whom have remained household names since they won the competition, and who continue to play an important role in South African society,” said Gareth Flusk from Sun International on behalf of the Miss South Africa Organisation. Meanwhile, Suzette van der Merwe, from Cell C and the Miss South Africa Organisation (and Miss SA 1990) wished both Tamaryn and Thulisa well on their journey over the next 12 months. “The competition this year was exceptionally tough with 12 very strong contenders competing for the title. I believe Tamaryn will be a fantastic ambassador and on behalf of Cell C we wish her great success during her reign. We also want to congratulate runner-up Thulisa who is Miss World South Africa,” she said.  