KAIZER Chiefs legend Doctor “16V” Khumalo is willing to listen to Amakhosi boss Kaizer Motaung if he calls him regarding the vacant coaching job. The former Chiefs star made this statement on Saturday after his side Baroka FC lost 1-0 to SuperSport United in their last Absa Premiership match of the season at Atteridgeville’s Lucas Moripe Stadium. Khumalo, still the darling of Chiefs fans, left Amakhosi earlier this season to join Baroka as technical director. But speculation is rife that he will replace former Amakhosi head coach Steve Komphela, who resigned last month due to pressure from fans as results were not coming. Former Chiefs defender Patrick Mabedi was in charge of the Soweto giants’ two remaining games on an interim basis. “No one has called me yet from Kaizer Chiefs,” said the 50-year-old, who was at the helm at Amakhosi as co-coach with Donald “Ace” Khuse in the 2002-03 season. “I respect Baroka and the job they gave me. But if Bra K (Kaizer Motaung) called me, I would go and listen to what he has to say. Kaizer is like a father to me. He gave me a platform to play football and to become what I am today.” The former Bafana Bafana star revealed that he would continue working as technical director at Bakgaga. Khumalo was in charge of Baroka’s last two league matches as interim coach. They drew one match and lost the other. He revealed that the Baroka management would soon appoint a new head coach. But he refused to reveal the names of the coaches who applied. “We talked about getting a new coach before I was even in charge of the two games,” he explained. “We have received many CVs for the coaching job – we will go through them and appoint a coach soon. Some of the coaches who have applied are known locally.” Baroka have been without a permanent head coach since they fired Kgoloko Thobejane in February. They replaced him with his assistant, McDonald Makhubedu. But the 36-year-old did not last long, as the team was struggling. Khumalo was then called upon to help Bakgaga avoid relegation. Despite losing to United, Baroka managed to avoid the play-offs, as Ajax Cape Town were defeated 2-1 by Chiefs at Cape Town Stadium also on Saturday. This means Muhsin Ertugral’s Urban Warriors will now have to fight for their PSL status in the play-offs against National First Division sides Jomo Cosmos and Black Leopards.