SUCCESS always tastes sweeter when you’ve worked really hard for it. And now it’s time for 2017-18 Absa Premiership champions Mamelodi Sundowns to celebrate, when they reap the rewards of their hard work in Bloemfontein tomorrow afternoon. The planned party will follow straight after their final Absa Premiership match against Bloemfontein Celtic at the Petrus Molemela Stadium in the Free State. The kick-off is set for 3pm. Top PSL officials will travel to the Free State to officially crown Sundowns as champions and give them their winners’ trophy and gold medals. Downs are expected to end the season on a high note to celebrate with their “yellow brigade” of supporters who normally travel with them. But they will be celebrating whether they beat Celtic or not! Financially troubled Phunya Sele Sele occupy ninth spot in the PSL table, tied with eighth placed Chippa United on 36 points from 29 matches. Downs will use the match as preparation for their friendly against European giants Barcelona at FNB Stadium on Wednesday (6.15pm). All eyes will be on Downs star Percy Tau, who stands a chance of winning the Premiership top scorer award if his goal tally surpasses that of Rodney Ramagalela of Polokwane City. The players are tied on 11 goals. However, Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says there is no pressure on Tau – winning the league was their main priority. Said Mosimane: “He is humble, he’s aware of it. If we were obsessed with that we could have given the penalty against Ajax Cape Town (won 3-1) to him, but we gave it to Ricardo Nascimento. So he understands that the bigger picture for the club was to win the league, not individual glory.” Mosimane hailed Tau for bringing out the best in him. He believes at 24 it’s not too late for Tau to get an overseas move. “I looked through the archives and saw Percy’s face as I read about one of the league titles we won. I am happy that he is part of this success, that this is not the first time he lifts the trophy.” Added Mosimane: “Throughout my 15-year coaching career, I have never coached a player like him because of the way he thinks. He shows me all our strengths and weaknesses. I have never had a player who brought out the best in me. I am also on top of him because I want excellency. “I believe it’s never too late, he must play in Europe. If players who are 29 or 30 can move, why can’t he?”