THOLAKELE Mbatha is furious with her aunt, who she claims faked her younger sister’s death to claim a funeral policy. The young woman from Greytown, in the KZN Midlands, said she and her family even buried a stranger’s body. Tholakele said her sister Zandile (27) is mentally disturbed and lived with their only remaining aunt, Fikisiwe Madondo (54) in Vryheid. Tholakele said Fikisiwe called her last month and told her that Zandile’s body had been found badly decomposed in a local river. “She said Zandile had been missing for three weeks, but she never informed us. The funeral took place at the end of last month. She arrived with a body in a plastic bag on the back of her bakkie. She refused to let us view it,” Tholakele said. Another family member, Zodwa Mbatha (36) said Fikisiwe was not questioned because she was the oldest person in the family and the only one with money. “But then on 2 May Zandile showed up at our house. “She said she had left aunt Fikisiwe because she beat her and sent to her to stay with strangers in Nsuze.” Zodwa said when they confronted Fikisiwe, she only swore at them. When the SunTeam contacted Fikisiwe, she insisted she had done everything right. “The dead woman was wearing Zandile’s clothes and the body was very decomposed. I had no funeral policies for Zandile,” she said. Fikisiwe said the corpse was kept at a government mortuary in Madadeni at Newcastle, from where she took it straight to Greytown to bury. “No DNA tests were done to confirm that the corpse was indeed my relative and I did not question the mortuary officials because I wanted to bury my niece quickly. I was informed that the post-mortem had been conducted, but I have not received the results,” she said. Fikisiwe said as a large-scale corn farmer and landlord she had managed to cover some of the funeral costs. Department of Home Affairs provincial manager Cyril Mncwabe confirmed that Zandile was registered as a deceased person. “It is going to be a long process for her to get a new ID book because we will have to investigate. A person who identified her should go to Home Affairs offices to report this matter and she will be advised on what to do,” he said. KZN police spokeswoman Captain Nqobile Gwala said: “A decomposed body found in Blood River on 20 April was identified by Fikisiwe as her niece, Zandile. “An inquest docket was opened at Kingsley SAPS for investigation.”