IF THERE’S no sacrifice, there’s no victory! These are the words of Mzansi’s prominent long jump star, Ruswahl Samaai. It’s true when they say when one door closes, another door opens. That seems to be the case for the long jumper, who hails from Paarl, in the Western Cape. Last year, Samaai lost his sponsorship with Panasonic, but landed another sponsorship with car manufacturing giants Ford. Fresh from returning from the Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia, Samaai was presented with his dream car, a Ford Ranger. The back-to-back Commonwealth Games bronze medallist jumped his way into his dream car. He hopes to inspire youngsters to keep on dreaming and never give up on their dreams. Samaai brought back a bronze medal with a jump of 8.27m at the IAAF World Championships in London, England, last year. This year he brought another bronze medal from the Commonwealth Games when he leaped 8.22m. The long jumper is starting to get tired of the colour of the medal he always brings back home and is working hard in training to, hopefully, to change that in the next competitions this season. Samaai said: “The long jump is not an easy event, you have to deliver and bring back medals home. “I’m doing this for the love of the sport and also to inspire young kids. “I got bronze medals at the Commonwealth and that shows consistency, but I’m growing tired of the colour of the medal. “I’ve been working with Ford to acquire the sponsorship deal since about a year ago. “The deal has always been on the pipeline. “It has its benefits. I wanted a bigger car and today I’m driving my dream car. “I lost Panasonic, but when one door closes another opens.” Samaai will start his European season when he competes at the Diamond League in Rome, Italy, on 31 May. He also hopes to defend his long jump title at the African Championships in Nigeria in August. Samaai said: “I won a gold medal in 2016 and I would love to defend my title. It can be done. “I don’t want another bronze medal. I’m fit and injury-free to give it a go.”