“WE are going to have another Life Esidimeni if the social development department does not treat NGOs fairly.” This was what Patience Phirwa (57), a nurse who has been running an NGO in Yeoville, Joburg since 2002, told Daily Sun yesterday. She joined members of the DA who were picketing the Gauteng Department of Social Development’s head office in Joburg “For two years I have not been getting any payment from the department. Last year they gave me food parcels for only four months,” she said. Patience said she had to ask for help from companies such as Woolworths, Pick n Pay and Ackermans to keep her organisation going. “I take women and children from the streets and try to give them a better life, but now I feel like I am failing them. “I have to share whatever I have with other NGOs because they do not have anything,” she said. DA Gauteng shadow MEC for social development Refiloe Ntsekhe said a disaster was looming. “People are going to die of starvation because the money allocated to them is being spent by greedy people,” she said. Gauteng Social Development MEC Nandi Mayathula-Khoza said: “We received the DA’s memorandum with total dismay because they decided to boycott the legislature’s portfolio committee on Thursday. “At the meeting, the Gauteng department of social development presented a report on the delays in the payment of non-profit organisations. “We explained to the committee that 1 284 NPOs that complied with the laws of the country have been paid. The department provided reasons for the delayed payments. To avoid another tragedy, we got stricter with the compliance of NPOs,” said Mayathula-Khoza. She said she could not understand why the DA was complaining when government was enforcing compliance. “When there are gaps in these systems, they complain. When we address the gaps, they complain. “Either way, we will continue to ensure compliance. As part of this process, social development officials will do regular inspections. The government of Gauteng is already reducing red tape to ensure efficient service delivery.”