AMAJITA players, including, Wiseman Meyiwa, Lyle Foster and Kobamelo Kodisang, are expected to carry the team on their shoulders when they take on Mozambique later today. The squad kicked off their quest of qualifying for the 2019 Africa Under-20 Cup of Nations (Afcon), organised by the Confederation of African Football (Caf). Next year’s edition of the tournament will be held in Niger from 24 February to 10 March. Amajita go into today’s game with a convincing 1-1 away draw against the Young Mambas, and are expected to seal the deal at Moruleng Stadium in Rustenburg. The match kicks off at 3pm. This is a must-win for Thabo Senong’s charges as winners of this match will go through to the next round, where they will play Angola or Malawi in July. Foster, Meyiwa and Kodisang are a few notable players who have valuable Absa Premiership experience and are expected to play a key role today, in ensuring that Amajita qualify for the Afcon, which will give them a chance to qualify for another major junior tournament – the 2019 Fifa Under-20 World Cup. Striker Foster (17) is adamant they will be victorious in the do-or-die encounter. “We implemented the game plan well, and although we didn’t win, we got the key away goal. “Now that we are here in Rustenburg, we need to work hard and hopefully seal the results to secure progression to the next round,” he said. Foster added that it is never easy being in the national team. This despite playing for a team in the league. He said: “It’s tough at international level. It’s the same as the Premier Soccer League because when you play at international level, you don’t know your opponents. “It’s always a bit harder to adapt. The best thing we can do is try and get results,” he said. Coach Senong strongly believes his charges are capable after scoring last weekend. The two nations played to a 1-1 draw a week ago (Saturday, 12 May) in Beira City Mozambique, and with an away goal advantage, South Africa will be looking to finish off the job at home.IN THE EVENT OF A 1-1 DRAW AFTER 90, THERE WILL BE NO EXTRA TIME – PENALTIES WILL BE TAKEN TO DETERMINE THE WINNER.A goalless draw will see South Africa proceed to the next round on the away goal ruleWith a 1-1 all draw after full time, a penalty shootout will ensue to determine the winnerA draw of two goals each (2-2, 3-3) or more, will see Mozambique go through on the away goals ruleWhoever wins this encounter advances to the third and final round where they will come face to face with either Angola or Malawi, who also also meet this afternoon in Luanda.Angola lead 2-1 from the first leg.Amajita starting XI vs Mozambique 2ndLeg:Khulekani Kubheka (GK) (c), Thabo Moloisane, Givemore Khupe, Njabulo Blom, Malebogo Modise, Siphesihle Mkhize, Wiseman Meyiwa, Nkosingiphile Ngcobo, Tashreeq Matthews, Kobamelo Kodisang, Lyle Foster.Subs:Glen Baadjies (GK), Luke Fleurs, Jesse Donn, Reece Vetter, Duncan Adonis, Promise Mkhuma, Shungu Dutiro.