A VIDEO featuring young girls dancing at a function at Walter Sisulu University’s Zamukulungisa Campus has drawn mixed reaction. The video, which went viral on social media, has the girls dancing in attire similar to those worn by inkciyo girls. However, what seems to puzzle people is the fact that the dance is said not to be a true reflection of inkciyo. Speaking to Daily Sun, Queen Tina Ndamase of Imbumba Yamakhosikazi Akomkhulu said young inkciyo girls don’t go onstage fully clothed and later take off their clothes. She said the attire worn by the young girls from Masimanyane High School during the musical performance competition was no inkciyo attire. “We remain with the question: was the whole choir pure? It would be wrong for inkciyo girls to be mixed with others that are not. “Inkciyo youths are separated to protect them. Inkciyo do not show their bums,” she said. Provincial House of Traditional Leaders chairman, Chief Mwelo Nonkonyana, said the only wrong thing with the video was the person who circulated it on social media. Nonkonyana said circulating the video humiliated the young girls. “We’re going to investigate and consult expects, with a view to filing a complaint, because we believe the rights of those girls were violated. “As traditional leaders we support all programmes that support virginity testing, including the wearing of inkciyo. “We are just concerned about the negative publicity,” he said. Education spokesman Malibongwe Mtima said the expression of cultural symbolism differs from one community to the other. “The community of Ndakana, the school is situated, feels strongly about the restoration of inkciyo. “We appreciate that there may be issues of appropriateness in the nature and form of the dance, which we believe is the challenge the department still needs to clearly define. “There are no distinctive guidelines of what should constitute traditional expression during dance routines.” “Premier Phumulo Masualle saw the video and it shocked him. “But before we judge the situation, the Education MEC has been instructed to investigate circumstances.”