IT had it all – from confessions, insults and scuffles! COPE leader Mosiuoa Lekota may have stolen the show at the land debate
summit, but the ugly fights that broke out between participants proved land is
still a hot topic in Mzansi. The debate took place at UNISA in Tshwane on Monday and Lekota, ANC’s
Ronald Lamola, EFF’s Mandisa Mashego, BLF’s Andile Mngxitama and DA’s Gwen
Ngwenya were amongst the people who presented their arguments about the issue. The summit’s aim was to discuss the burning and topical issue of land
expropriation without compensation. Just as the audience was trying to settle in their seats, Lekota turned
up the heat in the debate with some shocking revelations. “I was brought up by the ANC and I’m still ANC by the way,” he said. Those in attendance reacted with shock while many clapped for the
struggle veteran. In a speech which left many confused, Lekota had to stop several times,
pleading with the audience to allow him the opportunity to speak. When the hecklers went silent, Lekota delivered a blow by blow account
of history about how settlers in Mzansi fought for land. However, hours later, Lekota issued a statement arguing he left the ANC
to defend the Constitution of the land. In the statement, Lekota clarified the matter saying that he was still a
committed and loyal member of COPE. “I left the ANC to defend the Constitution of the land and to this day I
believe those who left were right. When they started to say that their party
Constitution was above that of the country and removed a sitting President from
Office without due regard for the provision of the Constitution, we couldn’t
reconcile our conscience with such acts that were bordering on a silent coupe,”
read the statement. Lekota insisted the land was never stolen. “People say our land was stolen and that is belittling us. We fought
wars and we were defeated,” he said. Moments after he spoke, the debate moved from being civilised to a
chaotic mess, when a scuffle broke out. The summit went out of control when ANC NEC member Ronald Lamola
presented his arguments. Lamola said his party has always viewed the land question as a very
important means of production. "The position of the ANC has always been very clear that the land
belongs to the majority of the African people,” he said. He said the ANC approached the land question to address all the past
imbalances. “When we address the past imbalances, you are also going to transcend
this country to a truly non-racial society," he said. The audience interrupted him by booing him as he spoke. But his supporters who attended the summit retaliated by chanting
struggle songs and dancing, some got into a scuffle with other opposition
parties. Lamola was given extra time to finish off his arguments but he chose to
storm out of the venue in frustration. Mngxitama said they want land and they want all of it. "Original sin is a sin of land theft and that makes all of us who
fight for land true believers in the gospel of God. We know the amendment of
the Constitution will not be the end and will not give us land. We must exhaust
the constitutional process,” he said. WATCH VIDEO BELOW BY: Alex Mitchley, News 24 