South Africa’s first democratic election was held on 27 April 1994. Every year, on that date, we celebrate Freedom Day. It is a day we remember the liberation of our nation. Freedom has many faces, and freedom fighters were not exclusively men on the ground. Women too played a part in the emancipation of women by exercising their freedom of expression. The women changed the dynamics of society, in a unique way, through their fashion and hairstyles that represented their revolutionary ideals. These women fought to remove the shackles placed on them by both government and a patriarchal society, going against the grain, never letting the trials and tribulations they faced stop them from achieving their goals, and forging their own identity. Through it all, they never neglected their roles as mothers, sisters and friends. They became role models to South African women. I’d like to highlight four women, who used their freedom of expression to effect positive change, especially through their unique fashion sense and hairstyles. Brenda Fassie (3 November 1964 – 9 May 2004)Her fans called her Ma Brrr, and she was also known as the Madonna of The Townships.1 She belted out hit after hit and while there were many detractors who scoffed at her music and her sometimes controversial lifestyle, no one could deny her talent. She had a penchant for using her fashion and hairstyles to walk with her head held up high despite those who looked down on her. From boxed braids adorned with beads, African hair ornaments, short bobs, short natural hair dyed blonde and a shaven head adorned with beaded traditional headbands, were some of her most memorable hairstyles.Her fashion sense was as eccentric as her personality. She took African traditional clothes and added a western twist. At times, her outfits were paired oddly, such as wearing re-styled African traditional clothes with white gum boots, but it worked. Importantly, the meaning behind her clothes represented more than her personality, it provided social commentary of the political landscape of the time.  She was unapologetically Brenda. She loved elaborate hats and colourful African patterned doeks. She was also a mother and never let her haters stop her from topping the Afro-pop charts, and even at the pinnacle of her success, she proved she was no Weekend Special, rather she is a legend, we will never forget. Lebo Mathosa (16 July 1977 – 23 October 2006)Lebo Mathosa, known for her box braids, cropped, braided and natural blonde hair, and sizzling, sexy dance moves, started her career with South African band Boom Shaka with Thembi Seete in 1994. She was one of the few female kwaito artists to succeed in a music genre dominated by men.After being discovered by South African music producer, Don Laka, the dynamic duo dominated the kwaito circuit in the early 1990s to the 2000s. She was an enigma, spreading a positive feminist message, which came through in her carefree, authentic attitude to life, while wrapped in skimpy clothes. She switched things up with ‘not so’ conventional traditional African while showing off her sexy dance moves during her live shows. She was a style icon and won the Style Best Dressed Woman of the Year Award in 2001.3During her career, many believed she re-enforced stereotypes about the misrepresentation of the ‘loose’ nature of black female sexuality. Lebo made being sexy feminine and changed that stigma. Boom Shaka’s music dealt with social issues at grassroots level.The track About Time, was an instant hit, and many chart toppers followed. When they remixed our national anthem to vibey dance beat, the controversy that followed started authentic South African dialogue between women to express themselves without anxiety. After leaving Boom Shaka, she pursued a successful solo career. Sadly, she died in a car crash, aged 29. Lebo’s legacy lives and can be summed up in short with About Time lyrics, “My weapon is my voice...” Mariam Makeba (4 March 1932 – 9 November 2008)Mariam Makeba was a South African singer, actress, United Nations goodwill ambassador, and civil-rights activist. She was a wife and had one child, but she was called Mama Africa, a term of endearment as mother to all. She successfully introduced isiXhosa and isiZulu songs to the Western world, using her freedom of expression in music to challenge a non-democratic society. Songs such as Pata, The Click Song and Malaika are as iconic as she was.She exuded confidence, power and strength with grace, which characterised her fashion choices and hairstyles. She donned doeks, beautiful traditional head pieces, wore her hair natural, and dressed modesty.5 She was the epitome of a lady, with a brave and fearless heart of a lion. She was a civil activist and used her music for humanitarian causes. Despite winning a Grammy she remained humble throughout her life.6 She established the Makeba Centre for Girls, a home for destitute and/or abused girls between the ages 11-18 years.7 She used her freedom of expression to affect positive change not only in South Africa, but the world over. Winnie Madikizela-Mandela (26 September 1936 - 2 April 2018)Mam Winnie Mandela was a qualified social worker, who married Nelson Mandela in 1958. She remained married for 38 years and they had two children together. Her natural beauty was unrivalled but her most striking feature was her inner strength. After Mandela was imprisoned in Robben Island, she carried on his work.8 Subjected to violence at the hands of the apartheid government, she stood firm in her belief of exercising her freedom of expression by using her voice to uplift women. When Mandela was released in 1990, she was by his side, however, they divorced in 1996. She served on the ANC’s National Executive Committee and headed its Women’s League. Affectionately known as the “Mother of the Nation”, Mam Winnie fought for the emancipation of South African women. Her signature included a doek, traditional clothes and bright colours. She adored elaborate robes. Mam Winnie wore flamboyant head dresses and constantly transformed her hairstyles, donning a cropped wig, beautifully styled natural hair and even a short length bob cut, wearing traditional hair ornaments.9 Her love of designer fashion and trend-setting hairstyles made her stand out from the crowd, sending a message to women that they had the right to be seen and heard. As she put it, “To those who oppose us, we say, ‘Strike the woman, and you strike the rock’.” – 1966.10 Darling believes that all women have the option to choose how they wear their hair, creating an identity for themselves and empowering themselves to feel beautiful every day. As such, these strong women’s hair and fashion choices were a large part of who they were and their style will forever represent, their bravery, their identity, an expression of their self-worth and their freedom to express themselves in the way they styled themselves. The way they dressed and wore their hair have inspired and will continue to inspire generations to come, because their style will forever represent social commentary and women empowerment.  