IT will be a battle between strikers and midfielders for goals as Mamelodi Sundowns host Spanish champions Barcelona in a friendly to commemorate Nelson Mandela’s centenary year at FNB Stadium tonight at 6.15pm. SunSport takes a look at the players who will be key in determining the result in this evening’s match. LIONEL MESSI  He has been called a genius, even an alien from another planet. For a decade Messi has been the heartbeat of Barcelona, the catalyst to three Uefa Champions League championships and no fewer than 10 Spanish domestic titles. It’ll be an honour for Sundowns to share the pitch with him, but more of an impossible task for Ricardo Nascimento to neutralise him. Barca boss Josep Maria Bartomeu has this to say: “I believe Leo comes from a marvellous planet, the one where exceptional people like violinists, architects and doctors are created. The chosen people.” LUIS SUAREZ  Love him or hate him, there is no denying the special talents of Suarez. With his vision, trickery, finishing and eye for goal, the Uruguayan is a marvel to watch. The African continent has certainly not forgiven him for the infamous “handball” incident against Ghana in the 2010 World Cup. You can bet on him producing more captivating talking points if the likes of Soumahoro Bangaly have to chase him all night. PERCY TAU  Tau is by far the best player in Mzansi, possessing great dribbling, passing, ball control and scoring skills. His brilliant assist against Cape Town City was a true reflection of the midfield wizard’s special talents. The 24-year-old is hankering for a move overseas and the stage could be set for him to showcase his talent to European scouts tonight. GERARD PIQUE He has won 25 trophies with Barca, including six La Liga and three Champions League titles, and is one of the most decorated players in the club’s history. The Spanish defender is the tower, the glue that keeps the Barca defence together. Pique is an outstanding centre back who is just as comfortable attacking in the air as he is with the ball at his feet. The star player has come up against some of the most lethal and feared strikers in the world. There can be no one better for Percy Tau to measure his strength against than this World Cup and Euro winner. KHAMA BILLIAT  The nippy winger thrives on big occasions, big crowds and the glare of the media. There can be no bigger occasion for the departing Billiat than the centenary match – apart from the 2016 Champions League final. Billiat’s tiny frame belies his ability to suck in defenders, glide down the wing and bamboozle them with his technical flair. A fine performance against the La Liga champions may well catch the eye of potential European suitors who are already scouring the markets. THEMBA ZWANE  “Mshishi” is the integral part of the Downs attack, the predominant figure in midfield who is blessed with vision and strength that allows him to influence matches. With his sleek movement, defence-splitting passes and composed nature, Zwane is a thorn in the side of opponents. While many are bound to rave about the talents of Andres Iniesta tonight, Masandawana faithful will be singing the praises of Zwane.