FIRST THE mayor’s guest house went up in flames. Then her private house and four vehicles were destroyed. NO DOUBT, THE PEOPLE OF KOSTER ARE TIRED OF FALSE PROMISES! Kim Medupe, Kgetlengrivier Local Municipality mayor, was the target of protesters in Koster in the North West yesterday(Wed). The Viewpoint Guest Lodge in the town of Koster, which belongs to Medupe, came under attack first. Not only was the building set on fire but a vehicle was also destroyed. Some people looted furniture while others stole bottles of alcohol and soft drinks from the premises. When the police cleared the protesters, another group ran to Makweteng section and set fire to the mayor’s house and four vehicles on the premises. A separate building that does not belong to the mayor but is claimed to being used for drugs and prostitution was also set alight. Children were not allowed to go to school and people were told not to go to work. The roads were closed with burning tyres, trees and waste material. Roads leading to Koster Hospital were also inaccessible. Community leader Israel Matsile said they have tried to talk to the municipality on what they want for the community but are never given a chance to speak. He said service delivery in the municipality is painful. “Unemployment is high. We have asked for rubbish bins that we didn’t get. Our roads are damaging our cars. There are many illegal dumping spots in the area that are not being cleared,” said Israel. “There is no service anywhere. If our own people who know our problems do not hear us, who will?’’ Kgetlengrivier Local Municipality’s municipal manager Joseph Mogale said they are aware of the situation. He said people with grievances should speak to ward committees or their councillors. He said he does not understand the protests. “The mayor is often at the forefront addressing the community,” he said. He said the municipality always listens to community problems. “We have previously held public participation engagements with the community. “We received a memorandum in March with service delivery issues and we responded in the prescribed time. “It caught us by surprise that there are service delivery issues,” he said. Sergeant Ofentse Mokgadi, said no arrests were made. He confirmed that a guest house was burnt and a burnt vehicle found there. He also confirmed that Medupe’s house was burnt. 