MAMELODI Sundowns could be forgiven for thinking they are on holiday in some faraway place in Conakry, capital of Guinea. After all, the Brazilians have wrapped up their Absa Premiership season by claiming the title and have no domestic commitments to worry about, at least until August. But truth is that a holiday will be the last thing on their minds as they resume their Caf Champions League campaign with a match against Guinea side Horoya AC. The fixture, to be played at the September 28 Stadium tonight (6pm), was initially postponed to accommodate Downs’ friendly match against Spanish giants Barcelona last week, which Pitso Mosimane’s charges lost 3-1. The postponement came at a financial cost for the Tshwane giants. Yet it was worth the trouble as they got to measure themselves against a team they aspire to meet in the Fifa Club World Cup in future. And the only ticket to the Club World Cup is success in the Champions League, a road they have travelled before. Third with a point in group C, Sundowns are looking to keep up with group rivals Wydad Casablanca, who top the table with four points after two matches. Victory could see them displace Horoya in second place and would change the picture. “I have an idea what Horoya are like. They’re very, very good, the best team in Guinea. They are the champions and have a good foreign coach from France,” said Downs coach Pitso Mosimane. “They have very good build-ups from the back, they involve their midfielder, No 8 and the winger. They also have a good centre-back. “Before we came here, we played our last game in the league and then we played against Barcelona. Mentally it’s not easy to play against Messi, Iniesta and then travel all the way to another crucial match. “We don’t come here with egos, but with respect. There are four matches to play in this group. We will try to win this one.” Horoya made a perfect start to their maiden Champions League campaign, edging AS Togo-Port 2-1. As tournament rookies, they have no pressure, only looking to punch above their weight against their illustrious opponents and establish themselves in the prestigious competition. Pressure is already on Mosimane after his side drew 1-1 with Casablanca in the opening group fixture. But the Brazilians are looking relaxed ahead of the match, having landed in the Guinea capital on Saturday, three days before the match. They had an intense training session on Sunday, the likes of Percy Tau, Sibusiso Vilakazi and Wayne Arendse familiarising themselves with conditions. It’s not a holiday, it’s a battle for points.