South Africa’s biggest state companies have been plagued by 
mismanagement, cash shortages and corruption scandals for years, leaving
 them in financial strain and posing an acute risk to the nation’s 
finances. The rot largely set in during the leadership of 
President Jacob Zuma, who stands accused by opposition parties and 
anti-corruption groups of appointing unqualified allies to key posts and
 allowing members of the Gupta family, who did business with one of his 
sons, to loot state coffers. They all deny wrongdoing. Faced with a
 loss of voter support, the ruling African National Congress forced Zuma
 to quit in February and replaced him with the party’s new leader, Cyril
 Ramaphosa, who together with his public enterprises minister, Pravin 
Gordhan, moved swiftly to try put the companies back on track. This is the state of play at the main state entities:  Eskom Ramaphosa has overseen the installation 
of a new board at Eskom, now chaired by respected businessman Jabu 
Mabuza. Phakamani Hadebe, a former National Treasury official, was named
 interim chief executive officer. Several officials implicated in the 
scandals have quit, been suspended or fired. The company says its 
replenishing coal stocks and fears of blackouts are unfounded. It 
intends to recoup pilfered funds, reduce its bloated workforce and sell 
non-core assets to cut debt. Transnet   The
 freight rail, port and pipelines operator has also been accused of 
doing questionable deals with the Guptas and their allies, enabling them
 to earn massive kickbacks on a locomotives deal. Gordhan this 
month announced that Chairperson Linda Mabaso and non-executive 
directors Vusi Nkonyane and Yasmin Forbes had quit and that their 
replacements will be announced soon. Garry Pita resigned as chief 
financial officer last month, citing health reasons, and Mark-Gregg 
McDonald was appointed to the post in an interim capacity. South African Airways  The
 state-owned carrier has lost money for the past six financial years, 
leaving it desperately short of cash. It’s appealed to the government 
for R5bn to cover immediate costs and warned it will struggle to make 
R9.2bn in debt payments due March 2019. This follows the state 
transferring funds to the airline in September to avoid a default on 
debt to Citigroup. Chief
 Financial Officer Phumeza Nhantsi and Musa Zwane, who served as acting 
CEO for two years, were suspended in March after the Auditor-General 
found that SAA failed to properly value assets or correctly record 
wasteful expenditure. Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa (Prasa)  The
 commuter-rail service has stumbled from one management crisis to the 
next, and a report by the nation’s graft ombudsman revealed systemic 
corruption at the agency. The main opposition party has laid criminal 
charges against its former chairperson, Sfiso Buthelezi, and ex-CEO 
Lucky Montana in connection with their role in concluding irregular 
contracts. They both deny wrongdoing.  The government last month 
appointed a new interim board headed by chairperson Khanyisile Kweyama 
to run the agency for a year and Simo Lushaba was named interim CEO.