Celebrity couple, actor Tshepo “Howza” Mosese and his wife actress, Salamina Mosese have a marriage that is the envy of many. The pair have been married for just over a decade and they rarely make the headlines for all the wrong reasons. READ: HOWZA AND SALAMINA CELEBRATE 10 YEARS OF MARRIAGE They are very guarded when it comes to their privacy and they are careful about what they share on social media. While they are both not big on public displays of affection, Salamina recently took to social media to leave a rare public message to her husband. In a lengthy Instagram post, Salamina heaped praise on her husband for being a good husband and father to their baby girl. “While I've been running around chasing my dreams, there's been someone holding my hand, praying for me at 3am every morning, someone tucking my baby girl into bed every night, sometimes even burning the bread as he makes her lunch,” she wrote. The Baby Mamas star thanked her partner for always supporting her dreams. “Howza you are a King,” she added, “a man amongst men. “You understand the dance that is love. Sometimes you lead, and your partner follows. And at other times you cheer from the sidelines, looking at your loved one chasing their visions down. “I STAN a giant. Thank you for loving me in the way that you do. You teach me to love me too.” While I've been running around chasing my dreams, there's been someone holding my hand, praying for me at 3am every morning, someone tucking my baby girl into bed every night, sometimes even burning the bread as he makes her lunch. I'm not big on public displays of affection, but this one needed to be public. So many people only see the glamorous stuff or the scandalous stuff on this platform, but behind these posts are real people making mistakes, crying themselves to sleep at night, and real lives being lived by real people who are trying to figure stuff out. @howza_sa you are a King. A man amongst men. You understand the dance that is love. Sometimes you lead, and your partner follows. And at other times you cheer from the sidelines, looking at your loved one chasing their visions down. I STAN a giant. Thank you for loving me in the way that you do. You teach me to love me too. ?? You knew this day would come. Thank u for waking me up like this today. U know what this day means to me more than anyone else. A post shared by  Salamina Mosese (@salaminamosese) on Oct 12, 2018 at 8:02am PDT  