IF THERE is one team in the Absa Premiership that currently needs points more than the rest, it must be the unsettled AmaZulu. Ahead of their KwaZulu-Natal derby against Maritzburg United at the King Zwelithini Stadium tonight (7.30pm), AmaZulu were forced to start the 2018-19 season anew after getting docked six invaluable points by Fifa last week. The Durban club had ignored an instruction from world football’s controlling body dating back some four years regarding the termination of Phinheas Nambandi’s contract. The SA Football Players’ Union (Safpu) then took on the club of the Sokhelas and reported it to Fifa for the “unlawful termination” of the Namibian’s contract, calling on the body to issue a judgment. Fifa ruled in favour of the player and ordered the club to pay the sums claimed by Nambandi, but the KZN side retaliated by appealing the judgment and taking the matter to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS). However, the club lost again. The CAS ordered Patrick Sokhela’s club to pay out the Namibian’s contract, which amounts to tens of thousands of rand, for unlawful termination. Last Friday the PSL acted on instruction from Fifa and docked Usuthu six points, which leaves them at the bottom of the standings with one point from six matches. Now coach Cavin Johnson and his players will have to start collecting as many points as possible – and as quickly as possible – to move away from the danger end of the log table, where relegation lies in wait at the end of the season. Understandably, Johnson told SunSport yesterday that he was the manager of the club on the field – other matters are left for office bearers to deal with. Not that long ago, Usuthu were hit by their first setback when they lost their top eight position to SuperSport United in a tussle between the PSL and relegated club Ajax Cape Town. “We will continue playing as normal,” said Johnson, who is now expected to save the club’s status that was acquired from Thanda Royal Zulu for a rumoured R60 million. “AmaZulu are a big brand and the players are aware of that fact. “It is the same team at the same training field and still representing the same KZN. “Nothing has changed on the field of play. We will continue to do our utmost best to win matches.” He revealed, however, that he had a short discussion with the players about the current situation and made them aware that their duty, as soldiers, is to deliver the goods as per their contracts. All their matches are now six-pointers, starting with the Maritzburg match, where the Team of Choice coach Fadlu Davids might be tempted to take advantage of Usuthu’s internal woes. It is a perfect opportunity to rub some salt into their wounds. “I respect Fadlu and I think it would be a mistake to follow such an approach,” said Johnson, who reported a clean bill of health at Usuthu.