HAVING gone four matches without defeat, Polokwane City head coach Josef Vukusic has cautioned his players not to rest on their laurels after their recent impressive form. Rise and Shine started the new Absa Premiership season on a terrible note, losing two league games in a row, but the Limpopo outfit have now regained their form. City have worked hard for their run of four league matches without defeat, winning three, drawing one and collecting 10 points in the process. They are sixth in the standings. “All I am telling my boys is that we do not get to relax,” said the Slovakian mentor. “We have to continue working hard and improve on this form. This league is tough, you have to be on your toes all the time and keep working. There is no time to relax. “But I am pleased with our performance because we are getting results.” The happy Vukusic also mentioned his side’s 1-0 win against Bidvest Wits last week as the game where his charges showed him their character. “We had the red card in the first half for Salulani Phiri but the boys played like we weren’t one man down,” said Vukusic. “I was impressed and hope we can build on that kind of character and fighting spirit.” The 54-year-old former mentor of National First Division side FC Cape Town said the reason his charges were now playing good football was because they were starting to understand his philosophy. “I am new in the club and also have new players. Sometimes it takes time to understand each other,” said Vukusic. “But I am happy things are coming right fast. The players understand each other – we now want to fight for the club.” Assistant Bernard Molekwa says he too enjoys working with Vukusic. “He is a good guy to work with and I enjoy working with him,” said Molekwa, who was in charge of the team last season before becoming Vukusic’s deputy. “The coach is very knowledgeable about football and his philosophy and tactics are impressive. I am learning a lot from him. “Everyone here enjoys working with him.” City host SuperSport United in their next league encounter at Polokwane’s Peter Mokaba Stadium on 2 October (7:30pm).