The term 'More money more problems' is so real and you get to live the reality as you grow and realize that the more money you make the more financial risks you take. When you get a promotion or a new job you get some sort of financial freedom and that also comes with responsibility. Upgrading your life and splurging and taking up credit seem to be the thing most youth go for and as much as it sounds appealing to working students or entry-level young professionals with a regular stream of income, it will affect you later on in life. Getting that promotion or new job to some extent provides the security for you to borrow money or get credit but you still have to be responsible and track your purchases and pay responsibly and timeously. Here are tips to help you not to splash all your money: - Track your spending Tracking your spending helps you realize you denial living. With all of your purchases listed in one place, it becomes easier to assess your budget each month to see where you might have gotten off track. - Find cheaper ways to get what you want I am the queen of bargains and love shopping and prefer nicer brands. I have learned to consider shopping at consignment stores to buy used high-end clothing at a discount or buy off season for the next season because there will be clear out sales. If you love a nice beer or a superb bottle of wine, drink at home instead of heading out to the local bar every weekend. If you’re a foodie who loves fine dining, take some time to learn how to cook so you don’t have to pay outrageous restaurant prices all the time. - Look for ways to avoid temptation Never live a lifestyle you cannot maintain because of social pressures. Sometimes our lifestyles work against our financial goals. Either we work in a job that causes us to spend money, we live a little too close to our favorite store or the mall, or we constantly find ourselves in situations where people around us urge us to overspend. - Start using a budget never try to buy on credit without knowing if you can afford the monthly installments. Always ask how much you will have to pay every month. Calculate how much you can afford to spend and do NOT exceed it. - Switch to a cash-only diet Some people use credit cards without even tracking their debt while they are at it and that makes one spend recklessly. Paying cash for things I buy has always helped me to sort of restrict myself from things that i might overspend on. Things like eating out, buying clothes, airtime and buying gifts are the things that make you go over budget if you use a card because you always thinking... Why not?. I always find it harder to overspend cash because it is not just numbers but I actually feel the pinch of it. 