BMW has finally taken the cover off the seventh generation 3
Series. "Exuding dynamic design, agile handling, exceptional
efficiency and innovative equipment features, it takes the signature
characteristics of a BMW and turns the volume up several notches," the
press material says. Okay, let's talk about the design first. It's dynamic all right, but "taking the signature
characteristics of a BMW and turning up the volume several notches," I
think not. First, the headlights, the only design characteristic I and
everyone sees is Peugeot. The design was straight out copied from the 3008. And
it is the same thing in the rear. It screams Lexus! The thing that's annoying about it all is how these
designers managed to infuse the French and Japanese designs and create
something that looks thoroughly refreshing. Yes, they copied design cues from
other companies but at least they made a good looking car from it. The new 3 series manages to look bigger than the outgoing
model, but it doesn't look like a shrunken 5 Series. It manages to have its own
identity in the BMW sedan range. The new 3 Series is longer, wider than the outgoing model.
The wheelbase has been increased by 41mm freeing up space for the occupants. The 3 Series has long been the benchmark in terms of driving
dynamics but recently the Jaguar XE and Alfa Romeo Giulia have been offering
better handling dynamics than the 3 Series. It is no surprise that BMW has done a lot to ensure that it
regains its title as handling king. The new 3 Series is 55kg lighter than the outgoing model. It
still has its trademark 50:50 weight distribution. BMW has worked on the
chassis so that it offers the signature BMW characteristics. There are new
damper technology, stiffer body structure and suspension mountings. Not only
have the wheelbase lengthened it has also been widened to aid handling. One place the new 3 Series has been heavily revised is the
cabin. The design is taken from the upcoming 8 Series and X5. You won't confuse
it with a Peugeot or a Lexus. The design is clean and refreshing. It takes the fight to
Audi and Mercedes-Benz. The material used also looks to be of high quality, the
metal trim on the climate controls especially brings life to the cabin.  It features BMW iDrive 7.0 system which brings "Hey
BMW" personal assistant. There's a new optional 12.3-inch digital
instrumentation cluster and a new 10.25-inch infotainment screen to control the
high tech gadgetry inside. Local engine line up has not been announced yet. But the 3
Series is also getting an M-Performance model in the form of the M340i xDrive.
It features a 3.0 litre inline six cylinder engine kicking out 275kW and 500Nm
of torque.