AFTER stunning Cape Town City in a Telkom Knockout clash on Tuesday, AmaZulu will need to be extra cautious when they tackle the Citizens again on Saturday (8.15pm). Benni McCarthy’s charges were not able to win any of their last three matches in all competitions and will be coming at Usuthu guns blazing in a bid to end their slump. The slump manifested after City beat SuperSport United on penalties to claim the MTN8, giving McCarthy the maiden trophy of his career. City played to a goalless draw against Maritzburg United and lost 2-0 to Bidvest Wits in the league. The third defeat was the 2-0 loss to AmaZulu in the TKO. Usuthu and City meet in an Absa Premiership clash at Cape Town Stadium this weekend in a match that could be seen as “Round Two” of their battle. City may still be reliving the highs of their MTN8 triumph but have been donating points in the league in addition to getting booted from the Knockout. AmaZulu coach Cavin Johnson said he had prepared his charges for war and had made them aware that their trip to the Mother City would be draining and intimidating. Said Johnson: “We will have to be very alert. They will come at us seeking revenge. Our players are not over-excited, they know that Saturday’s match is so important for us because of our log position. “We will be playing a completely different team. I don’t think Benni will take a chance again – yes, he had to do it because his players were suspended, but they will be ready for Saturday. We will have to come up with another plan, hopefully we will succeed in doing so again.” This is a battle between bottom sides, as AmaZulu are rooted to the bottom of the standings with three points after being docked six points by the PSL via Safa, following instructions from Fifa for unfair labour practices. The Citizens are 14th with seven points – four more than of Usuthu. Johnson has been impressed by his strikers, Bongi Ntuli and Emiliano Tade, who have been banging in the goals Usuthu. “Bongi has always been a good player, he fights and when he gets the opportunity, he always makes sure. Tade has scored three good goals since he arrived and with more time they will cause a huge threat,” said Johnson.