Global Citizen Festival to be broadcast on various platforms. Fans who will not be fortunate enough to get their hands on tickets for the much anticipated Global Citizen Festival will be happy to learn that they won’t miss the action. Global Citizen have announced that DStv, SABC, and Viacom’s MTV International will be the broadcast partners for the Global Citizen Festival: Mandela 100. This means fans can now catch the action on TV, You Tube and Twitter as Global Citizen takes the Festival to a global audience. DStv will broadcast the event live to all its customers throughout South Africa and sub-Saharan Africa on channel 199. Non DSTV subscribers should rest assured as DSTV will also carry the responsibility to film the event and provide the live broadcast to the SABC and other international broadcast partners who will extend the reach world-wide. Fans can also access the Festival through Twitter and Youtube channels presented by Johnson and Johnson. Excitement has been building as the Festival continues to draw ever closer. A star studded line-up which includes Beyoncé & JAY-Z, Cassper Nyovest, D'banj, Ed Sheeran, Eddie Vedder, Femi Kuti, Kasey Musgraves, Pharrell Williams & Chris Martin, Sho Madjozi, Tiwa Savage, Usher, and Wizkid will set the FNB Stadium on fire on 2 December when they headline the first Global Citizen Festival to be held in Africa. Trevor Noah will host the Global Citizen Festival: Mandela 100 with co-hosts Naomi Campbell, Dave Chappelle, Sir Bob Geldof, Gayle King, Bonang Matheba, Nomzamo Mbatha, Tyler Perry, and Forest Whitaker. ICYMI: TREVOR NOAH TO CO-HOST GLOBAL CITIZEN FEST! Oprah Winfrey will deliver a special keynote address at the Festival remembering Nelson Mandela and his legacy. “We’re honoured to be the exclusive pay TV broadcast partner in Southern Africa for this event that celebrates Madiba’s legacy and reminds us all of the importance of giving back to our communities,” said Multichoice’s Yolisa Phahle. “We look forward to sharing this with our customers on the 2nd of December, and also giving them access to the musical highlights in the days thereafter. Mandela believed that music unites us and uplifts us – and here at MultiChoice, we believe that too.” Global Citizen have named a host of public figures in the likes of Siya Kolisi Nandi Madida, Pearl Thusi, K Naomi, Zakes Bantwini, Somizi Mhlongo, Lucas Radebe and Maps Mapoyane as Global Citizen: Mandela 100 Advocates. ICYMI: CELEBS JOIN FORCES TO END EXTREME POVERTY These advocates will help Global Citizen drive forward their message to get people to work together to tackle issues surrounding extreme poverty so that the right people in places of power can heed the call. 