POLOKWANE City FC head coach Josef Vukusic has cautioned his players to be prepared for a possible backlash from wounded SuperSport United in their Absa Premiership clash at Peter Mokaba Stadium tonight (7:30pm). The Pretoria club comes into this clash on the back of a painful 4-1 penalties defeat in the MTN8 Cup final to new champions Cape Town City FC in Durban on Saturday. Vukusic believes Kaitano Tembo’s charges will not want to lose two games in a row. “I watched the final and their 4-0 win against Black Leopards. They are a strong side,” said the Slovakian mentor. “They are strong, with quality players and I am sure their aim is to beat us to redeem themselves after the defeat in the final. “I told my players we’re in for a tough match against a team that have just lost a final. I would have preferred to play a team that had won!” But Vukusic, whose side has been doing well in the league, says he is optimistic that Rise and Shine will get maximum points. They come into this clash undefeated in their last four league matches – registering three wins and a draw. “The week-long break have been good to us and I am sure we are ready for this clash,” he said. “We have been doing well and aim to continue with that form. The confidence and the spirit of the boys are high and we cannot afford to drop any more points at home.” Vukusic will pin his hope on veteran midfielder and captain Jabu Maluleke to upset his former team. But City’s defence must be on high alert to stop United Stars such as Evans Rusike, Bradley Grobler and Aubrey Modiba. The disappointed Tembo, meanwhile, said his charges would need to put the MTN8 defeat behind them and focus on the Polokwane clash. “We didn’t play well enough to win it on Saturday,” said Tembo. “Cape Town City deserved it. We fought all the way to penalties but they were the better team in hanging on to the ball, they had more possession. “ But Tembo hopes his players will find the rhythm they lacked in the final: “We have had only two days to recover and prepare for the Polokwane game. We must try to put the defeat behind us to focus on this match.”