IT’S South Africa versus Nigeria! Two November showdowns will determine who’s the boss between the two warring nations, who have been at each other’s throats in sports and politically. First Bafana Bafana will engage Nigeria’s Super Eagles in their penultimate 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier at FNB Stadium on 17 November. A day later, Banyana Banyana have a date with Nigeria’s Super Falcons in their opening 2018 Africa Women’s Cup of Nations Group B clash at Ghana’s Cape Coast Stadium on 18 November. Bafana defeated Nigeria 2-0 away last year and the Super Eagles will consider the 17 November clash payback time, while the Super Falcons and Banyana are the most experienced of the lot at the Women’s Afcon. Successful Banyana coach Desiree Ellis and her charges face a daunting start to their campaign at the Ghana-hosted tournament. The 11th edition of the Women’s Afcon will be held in the Ghanaian cities of Accra and Cape Coast from 17 November to 1 December. Banyana share Group B with defending champions Nigeria as well as Zambia’s Shepolopolo and Kenya’s Harambee Starlets. The draw for the competition was conducted in the west African country’s capital city Accra. Group A features the host nation Ghana alongside Algeria, Mali and Cameroon. Ellis should be counting herself lucky that Banyana escaped the onslaught of Cameroon and Ghana in the group stage and might feel confident of victories over Kenya and Zambia. The top three teams at the Women’s Afcon will automatically qualify for the 2019 Fifa Women’s World Cup to be held in France from 7 June to 7 July next year. Ellis, the pride of South African women’s football, will have taken into consideration the fact that their first opponents the Super Falcons have won this tournament a staggering seven times and are defending the trophy this year, while Mzansi’s best finish has been second – in 1995, 2000, 2008 and 2012. “They will definitely be sensing victory over us,” said Ellis. “But we are glad to be meeting them now and not later in the tournament because our last encounter ended in tears for us.” She is referring to when Banyana lost 1-0 to Nigeria in the semifinal of this competition in 2016, “and that denied us a chance to go to the World Cup. “Playing them in the first match is a tricky affair because you have to be on top of your game from the first whistle. They will punish you for any mistake,” she said. “We have played all three teams before, which means we have a good idea of what we are up against – and that does not in any way mean they will be easy, in fact, rather the contrary. But we know what our mission is – to qualify for the World Cup, and that is non-negotiable. “In any case, I always tell the players that the first fixture of any tournament is very important as it sets the tone for the rest of the competition. I believe we will be ready for them this time – we are much wiser.” Meanwhile, South Africa’s National Under-17 women’s squad (Bantwana) coach Simphiwe Dludlu has brought in Under-20 men’s team (Amajita) coach Thabo Senong to lend assistance during the Fifa U-17 Women’s World Cup in Uruguay from 13 November to 1 December.