KAIZER Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas has refused to read too much into the goalless draw “slip-up” against Highlands Park, as he already looks forward to the weekend’s trip to Durban. As per the three-year agreement with the local municipality, Amakhosi will be hosting Polokwane City at Moses Mabhida Stadium in their 10th league fixture on Saturday, their first outing at the imposing 2010 World Cup venue since the chaos in May. The match will be played behind closed doors after Amakhosi were found guilty for their fans’ misbehaviour, which resulted in serious damage to property, including broadcasting equipment, following a Nedbank Cup semifinal defeat to Free State Stars. But that should be the least of Solinas’ concerns after Amakhosi hit a speed bump against Highlands, which halted their three-match winning streak. The Italian lamented the bumpy pitch and a small pitch size, which made it difficult for his side to play their normal game and possibly get a result. “I’m happy with the attitude of my players because they fought and tried to win the game. “But the field was not good, and even the players complained that it’s bumpy. The grass was tall, and the ball did not move quickly, so combination play was difficult for us,” said Solinas. “But this is not an excuse. We are in the Premier League, so we need a good field if you want to watch a good game. If you want to watch an amateur game, okay, we’ll play long balls like amateurs. “If you want to see a good game, we need a good field. But it’s no excuse, because Highlands Park also deserved the result. I’m explaining that my team tried to play football on the ground. But, it’s okay. We shift focus to the next game against Polokwane City.” Amakhosi will certainly have nothing to complain about at the pristine Durban venue. But Solinas has admitted it would feel weird to be playing in front of empty seats. He said: “Without the supporters, the task is no good because football is beautiful when we have an atmosphere, with people celebrating. Without supporters, it’s a funeral.”