BANYANA Banyana midfielder Rachel Sebati says it would be a great honour to qualify for next year’s Fifa Women’s World Cup in France from 7 June to 7 July. Should they make it onto the plane for the eighth edition of the women's showpiece, it will be her second global event in national team colours. However, Sebati is aware that the work is not done yet, as she still needs make the final 21-member squad that will represent SA at the upcoming 2018 Africa Women’s Cup of Nations in Ghana from 17 November to 1 December. Banyana, who were drawn in Group B with defending champions Nigeria, Zambia and Kenya, must finish the tournament in the top three to qualify for next year’s World Cup. Coach Desiree Ellis has been hard at work with the team since last Sunday. She has sailed past the first part, trimming down her squad from 31 players to 26. She will shave off another five players next week to be left with the final 21 set for the tournament. “We don’t know who will get the nod and make the final cut,” Sebati said. “Everyone has been putting in the work. No one is comfortable, I have not been resting on my laurels either. I hope I will be selected.” Sebati was the captain of the SA Under-17 Bantwana team when they qualified for the 2010 World Cup in Trinidad and Tobago. She remains optimistic that Banyana will make their historic World Cup debut next year. Other players now in the Banyana team who were part of the Under-17 World Cup squad eight years ago are goalkeeper Kaylin Swart and striker Jermaine Seoposenwe. Stated Sebati: “Having teams like Nigeria, Zambia and Kenya in our group makes it tough for everyone. But I believe we have a core of players who are capable of achieving great things. The likes of Leandra Smeda, Janine van Wyk, Noko Matlou and Refiloe Jane have all the experience we need. They can lead the team to greater heights.” Ellis is currently in Switzerland to attend the inaugural Fifa Coach Mentorship Programme and is expected back in the country today, as Banyana’s preparations con-tinue.