KAIZER Chiefs striker Khama Billiat has reacted with admiration to the gestures by his coach Giovanni Solinas, who have twice bowed to his player after a brilliant display of football. Solinas’ bow to the Zimbabwean star when he gets replaced on the field has been trending on social media. The Italian mentor showed his admiration for Billiat again yesterday when the two were voted Absa Premiership Coach and Player of the Month for September. Billiat, who joined Amakhosi from Mamelodi Sundowns, played a crucial role to help his new side turn the corner with three consecutive wins last month. They walloped Cape Town City 4-1, beat Free State Stars 2-0 and then got the better of AmaZulu by the same margin. Adding to Solinas’ success at Chiefs so far is the fact that they conceded just one goal in September and scored eight. Said Billiat: “I am grateful to have a coach like him, but it’s all about the team. All I know is that he is always like that to everyone – I don’t feel there’s anything special about me! “I am grateful for the love he has for me and I love him too, just like everyone.” At 28, Billiat has still not given up on his dream to play in Europe after a move failed to materialise when he was still with the Brazilians. “Every player wants to play in Europe and it can still happen if I do well. I think I had still not done enough at the time (at Sundowns), I think my best will come. I will wait until the right time comes.” Coach Solinas stressed that his admiration for Billiat didn’t mean he didn’t like his other players. He said: “Khama is the best player in the PSL but I don’t want to be disrespectful to other players. “It’s normal sometimes – coaches will say Ronaldo and Messi are the best but they don’t mean any disrespect to others.” Following their 0-0 draw with Highlands Park in Tembisa on Tuesday, Chiefs will be hoping to return to winning ways when they host Polokwane City at the empty Moses Mabhida Stadium in an Absa Premiership match tomorrow at (6pm). Amakhosi have been slapped with the punishment of having to play behind closed doors after their fans went on a riot, destroying equipment worth millions after their Nedbank semifinal defeat to Free State Stars. Amakhosi will be without the injured striker Leonardo Castro (ankle) and midfielder Andriamirado “Dax” Andrianarimanana (calf).