THE Premier Soccer League (PSL) and Stadium Management SA (SMSA) will once again be put to the test at the weekend when Orlando Pirates host their arch-rivals Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Saturday. The situation is never easy to control but it is Absa-lutely necessary that the league protects the image of the main sponsor by ensuring that not even a single life is lost during this Woza Nazo-activated game. It is always easy for us armchair critics to find fault with every situation, but at times it is fitting to condemn rowdy behaviour when lives are lost and no one is held responsible. Just when we thought investigations were underway into what really happened at FNB Stadium on 29 July last year when two fans died in a stampede ahead of an Amakhosi-Bucs clash, Sport Minister Tokozile Xaba called off the commission of inquiry in March. There was much speculation on what caused the derailing of that commission, but to this day no one has been held accountable. But we must move past it – may the souls of those departed rest in eternal peace and we call on the football ancestors to work with those in power to put in place stringent measures for free-flowing entry into the stadium – especially the JMPD. With the PSL having partnered with the SA Police Service we expect a zero tolerance approach on Saturday, making the stadium even safer for our families, especially children. But although the league and SMSA are responsible, the contracted security company must also be held accountable for any mishaps at the venue, especially during games and at the turnstiles. If you’ve entered the stadium through those turnstiles on the north and south sides of the stadium, you would agree that many of those people are not well trained to control masses during such hot-tempered affairs. Delays are caused by security often engaging in unnecessary arguments with fans at gates, holding up those with valid tickets. It frustrates legit fans, which triggers the pushing and shoving out of sheer annoyance. But late arrivals by fans is the biggest and sometimes deadliest transgression of them all – please arrive early, the gates open at 11am and there will be a lot of entertainment. Please work with the stakeholders to allow all 85 000 fans to be seated before the 3.30pm kick-off. After all, we’re all there to enjoy football and see who wins this 165th derby between the two teams. Don’t forget, time waits for no one!¦ Interact withMathews Mpete onTwitter via @Mathews_Mpete