SOWETO rivals, Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs are involved in Telkom Knockout Cup ties this weekend, but truly speaking, both teams probably have one eye on their upcoming derby next weekend. Coaches Giovanni Solinas and Milutin Sredojevic did their best ensuring their players kept their focus on their respective cup matches, and not the derby. Pirates host their bitter rivals Amakhosi in the Absa Premiershp at the FNB Stadium on Saturday afternoon (3.30pm). Both teams are going into the derby having failed to win their past league matches. Amakhosi went down 1-0 at home against Polokwane City, while the Buccaneers were held to a 1-1 draw by AmaZulu. Both games were played in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal. Bucs are above Amakhosi in second place on the log table, with 16 points from 10 matches, just one point behind log leaders Bidvest Wits. While Amakhosi are in third place with 14 points from the same number of games. The Bucs mentor said it’s not a good idea to talk about the upcoming big derby when his charges have a match to play. Sredojevic said: “We have no right to talk about the derby. “We had four players representing national teams during the Fifa international break.” But Sredojevic still went on and spoke about the importance of the Soweto derby, saying: “Yes, the Soweto derby is the biggest match of the season. “We know what it means and the country comes to a standstill. “One eye is on the derby, but to be honest, we have no right to think about it.” The former Uganda national team coach said he had a lot of things to work on before the big derby day. For instance, Pirates defence is leaking goals and need to sort out their problems at the back. Sredojevic said: “Up front, we are not that effective. Our finishing is not up to scratch. “Defence is not doing well. We keep on conceding goals unnecessarily.” After 10 games and a second place position, Sredojevic feels they should have already collected more points. He added: “Look, we believe we could have done better, but have to accept where we are positioned on the log.” Meanwhile, Kaizer Chiefs host Black Leopards in the Telkom Knockout round of the last 16 at FNB Stadium today (3.30pm).