ORLANDO Pirates goalkeeper Jackson Mabokgwane is ready to keep another clean sheet when Bucs meet fierce rivals Kaizer Chiefs in an Absa Premiership Soweto derby at FNB Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). The 30-year-old was solid at the weekend to help Bucs secure a place in the Last 8 of the Telkom Knockout following a 1-0 win over Chippa United. The fact that Brilliant Khuzwayo is yearning for action, having fully recovered from an ankle injury, means Mabokgwane cannot rest on his laurels. On the other hand, Wayne Sandilands is also waiting for another chance, having blundered in Bucs’ 1-1 draw with Highlands Park in their opening league game in August. Siyabonga Mpontshane, another Bucs goalie, would also be hoping to regain his place between the goalposts as he has fully recovered from an injury sustained during warm-up prior to their 1-1 draw with AmaZulu three weeks ago. Pirates, who are second in the standings, a point behind leaders Bidvest Wits on 16 points, have conceded nine goals in 10 league games.Chiefs are third with 14 points from the same number of matches.Mabokgwane believes Bucs have been outstanding defensively, keeping a clean sheet in their last game.“We have been working hard on our defensive organisation. We are looking forward to keeping another clean sheet on Saturday,” he said.Mabokgwane says having good communication in defence also helped their Brazilian player, Marcelo da Silva, adapt to the Bucs setup more easily.He continued: “Marcelo has been with us since pre-season. It will take him some time to understand English but he is learning fast. I have been vocal, guiding him along with Happy (Jele), and there is no problem in communication because football is a universal language.”Pirates assistant coach Rhulani Mokwena revealed that they have been working on a strategy to avoid conceding. He says veteran midfielder Musa Nyatama plays a crucial role to ease pressure in defence.“Our lessons allow us to improve. I am disappointed with certain things but it happened and we take failures as lessons. We have tried to analyse how some coaches manage their games and you can see the influence of players like Musa in relation to that (defence). He was sorely missed, it’s easy with him back to control matches.“Musa has more time and space to have an effect on the tempo of a match, he allows you to regain your breath.”Pirates and Chiefs have played each other 20 times to date. Bucs won four and lost five, while Amakhosi won five and lost four. The teams drew 11 matches and have scored an average of one goal per match against each other.However, Amakhosi suffered a humiliating 3-1 defeat to Bucs in the second round last season, while the teams drew goalless in the first round. 