THE departure of goalkeeper Ricardo Goss from Real Kings has left a huge void. And worried Kings coach Simo Dladla says he has no idea how to fill the gap at this stage. The former SA Under-20 and Under-23 shot-stopper left the National First Division (NFD) outfit to join Bidvest Wits in the Absa Premiership in August. Goss was the first choice Kings keeper last season, featuring in all 30 matches for them. When the new season started, Kings keenly felt his absence, as the inexperienced goalkeepers Dladla tried out conceded 11 goals in just seven games. Kings are second bottom in the NFD table with four points. They tasted their first victory of the season on Sunday when they beat neighbours Royal Eagles 2-1. Dladla is the only NFD coach who is in his third season with the same club, having been with Kings since they were promoted from the ABC Motsepe League. He has outlined a few issues that have held his side back, but admits the departure of Goss was the main issue. “The club lost key players just a week before the season kicked off and that dismantled our team,” said Dladla. “We lost our No 1 goalkeeper and everything collapsed. We did not build our plan around one player but he was the main man in defence. At the same time we lost Sello Motsepe, who joined Highlands Park. Striker Nkosingphile Phewa, who we hoped would be our leading goal-scorer by now, and Simphiwe Mbatha both sustained injuries. “The sad part is that all these players were part of the team during pre-season. They even played in our last pre-season competition, the KwaZulu-Natal Premiers Cup, only for us to lose them a week before the league started.” However, Dladla is happy with the international break, as he says it will give them time to regroup. “Phewa has started jogging, his return will boost us. We are also still waiting to hear from the doctors on Faty Papy.” Former Bidvest Wits player Papy had collapsed on 1 September when Kings clashed with University of Pretoria. Kings will resume their campaign with an away fixture against Maccabi FC on 20 October.