 RADIO station Hot 91.9 has fired show host Sasha Martinengo
for calling Julius Malema a ‘Monkey’ on his breakfast show. Hot 91.9FM’s Managing director Lloyd Madurai said the values
of this radio station include a full and unconditional commitment to the South
African Bill of Rights and an all-encompassing respect for all communities
irrespective of their political point of view. Madurai further said: “To this end, the station renews its
commitment to the ICASA Broadcasting Standards and to the national Constitution
and has taken detailed remedial steps to ensure non-recurrence of such
behaviour.” “As such, notwithstanding the presenter’s immediate and
unreserved apology, the station has forthwith elected to remove him from all
involvement with the radio station with immediate effect. Furthermore, the station hereby issues a public apology to
Malema and deeply regrets any adverse inference that the conduct of the
presenter has had,” Madurai said. He added that the station will not tolerate at any stage
such conduct and has dealt with same decisively.  .@Hot919fm fires DJ Sasha Martinengo with immediate effect after @F1sasha calls the @EFFSouthAfrica political party leader @Julius_S_Malema a monkey live on-air. pic.twitter.com/fvdFQFE8RZ Statement from Lloyd Madurai - Managing Director of Hot91.9fm.For immediate release: 2 October 2018This morning an unfortunate and completely unacceptable incident took place during the Breakfast Show. Full: https://t.co/Ec8zdAXg8X This Sasha Martinengo psycho is trying to mask his racism with some fake feminism, hoping to get sympathy from “feminists” ??, what a twisted fella this idiot is. https://t.co/szqX2MFpi7 'Notwithstanding Sasha Martinengo's immediate and unreserved apology, the station has forthwith elected to remove him from all involvement with the radio station with immediate effect.' Malema taunts and threatens too kill [white] people. Yet calling him a monkey is dealt with decisive action. This country has lost its moral compass.. fact is some are worse than monkeys.#SashaMartinengo dismissed from Hot 91.9FMhttps://t.co/BxS31518Ee?shared via @Channel24 So in defense of a woman Sasha Martinengo sees it fit to be racistYou can defend woman without being racist dude and there's no irrespective here monkey has been used in a derogatory manner against Black people https://t.co/wFr2RdLjKi So Sasha Martinengo has now been fired from Hot 91.9. Since inception, they have lost Steve Bishop, Jeremy Mansfield, Darren Scott, Ian F, Paul Almeda and Kevin Savage.Pity. Along with these great DJs, this formerly fiercely feisty station has really lost it's character & edge. 