Most people of colour feel like they do not need sun screen because sunscreen has never been part of our culture because it has always been believed that our melanin will protect us but, not so fast... If you think your skin melanin exempts you from having to worry about sun protection, dermatologists have a message for you: Damaging UV rays can penetrate all types of skin, regardless of your ethnicity, so even people with dark skin need sunscreen. UV rays damage everyone's skin and although you might not burn as quickly as fair skin people you can get burnt and UV exposure causes cell damage. Skin cancer does exist and it does not discriminate. In the beauty industry, there is a big reliance on skin care because of the amounts of chemicals our skin might be exposed to and the more flawless your skin is, the more the products you use are able to look great on you. You will age Quicker Not only do you risk getting cancer from sun burn but your skin will also age quicker than normal. Light skin people tend to get fine lines and wrinkles show up first and people of color will see changes in pigmentation that lead to dark patches and uneven skin tone. Even Unexposed skin gets cancer According to Consumer Reports, skin cancer can appear even in area that barely get exposed to the sun. While light skin people typically develop skin cancer in areas that get the most UV exposure, dark skin often experience the opposite. Common sites for skin cancer to occur in people of color include the bottoms of the feet, palms of the hands, and underneath finger and toenails (the singer Bob Marley died from melanoma that began under his toenail). Scars are at high Risk of cancer Scars can also be a big danger Zone because if the scar had resulted from a thermal or chemical burn- watch it. According to a National Cancer Institute study, when squamous cell cancer develops in a person of color at the site of a long-standing scar, there is a 20 to 40 percent risk of spreading. If you notice a scar suddenly changing, becoming inflamed or otherwise altered, see your dermatologist. TIP: To avoid ashy looking limbs, opt for a dry oil SPF on your body. 