CAPE TOWN City boss John Comitis is not worried about losing coach Benni McCarthy to a big club. But if the coach were to leave the reigning MTN8 champions, Comitis would recommend that he joins a big club in Europe, instead of a local one. McCarthy told the media after his side beat SuperSport United 4-1 on penalties to lift the MTN8 Cup at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday that so-called big teams would come knocking on his door now that he had proven his worth as coach. He was keen to start his coaching career with his former club Orlando Pirates, who had ignored him until Comitis gave him a platform last season. Said Comitis: “At this stage there is no discussions about that (possible move). We are just happy to have a trophy in our cabinet!” The Citizens boss attributes their success to their spending spree in the transfer market, which have brought them two trophies in three years. The club also lifted the Telkom Knockout trophy in 2016 under the guidance of coach Eric Tinkler. “We plan signings, we spend money and we’re not scared to spend correctly. We make mistakes from time to time, but the most important thing is to have a balanced team in the right positions. “We saw that with (Ayanda) Patosi – in the beginning he was extremely unfit, but now he is slowly showing his worth. I think we were always going to be up there for a challenge. Players must be able to get results and take us to the next level. If we were not winning we wouldn’t be the brand we are today.” Comitis emphasised that having a technical staff with a good eye for talent is the reason 19-year-old record signing Gift Links is shining for the club. “I have a good recruitment team including my son. The minute we realised he would be available we offered a lot of money for him and you can see why. This guy is absolutely unbelievable. To be 19 and have the kind of ability and confidence on the ball, I think he will grow from strength to strength. He should not be overlooked by national selectors.” He said his team needed to forget about their Wafa Wafa success and focus on improving their position in the Absa Premiership table. City, 10th with six points from six matches, host Bidvest Wits at Cape Town Stadium tonight (7.30pm). They have won only one game, drawn three and lost twice. “We have slipped a bit and have two tough games this week. It will be difficult for Benni to select the team for Tuesday (today), a lot of players left everything on the field (in the final).”