A MOTHER of two left her local clinic in tears with her small kids after waiting for five hours without any help. Tselane Msutu (34) of Bardale in Mfuleni told Daily Sun she was humiliated and felt traumatised after she visited Mfuleni Community Clinic last Wednesday. She said she had taken her sick nine-year-old daughter Imile Msutu for treatment. “We didn’t sleep the night before because my daughter had been struggling to swallow. She cried all night. “I went to the clinic the following day because her throat was swollen.” Tselane said she lost her patience after waiting five hours with no help. “When I was about to complain, a woman who I believe is their colleague came in carrying her newborn and all the staff members went to play with the baby.” Tselane said she was so annoyed that she took her phone out and took photos of the nurses playing with the baby. She then went to the clinic manager, who told her she didn’t take such complaints. Tselane took a photo of the manager and said she was going to report the story to the media. Tselane said security guards were immediately called and she was asked to delete the photos but she refused. “They let me go and I went back to the waiting area. Then Imile’s name was called out.” She said when the nurses were about to examine her daughter, the guards came in with the manager. “I felt intimidated. The guard asked me to delete the photos and when I refused, they said I must either delete the pictures or leave the clinic. I chose to leave,” said Tselane. She and her two kids were then escorted out. She said everyone was watching as they cried. Her daughter Imile said: “I kept asking my mum why they were chasing us out and if I would be helped. I cried because I was in pain.” Western Cape Health spokesman Sithembiso Magubane said they would investigate. “We have a strict policy against anyone taking pictures of patients and staff at the facility without their consent because it’s a breach of confidentiality. However, if a member of the public feels a staff member is not doing their job they should bring this to the attention of the facility’s manager.”