AS ARSENE Wenger has said, the beauty of football is its unpredictability. It seems easy enough, however, to predict another win for Bafana Bafana in their clash with Seychelles today. Brimming with confidence, South Africa are in the Seychelles for their return Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier to be played at the Linite Stadium on Tuesday (3.30pm). Another one-sided match is anticipated – a comprehensive win certainly expected from Stuart Baxter’s team. This is after Bafana recorded their biggest score ever in a competitive match as they drubbed Seychelles 6-0 in the first of back-to-back qualifying matches at home at the weekend. In fact, it is not a matter of “if” they win, but rather “how many goals” can Bafana score against a team that has no hopes of qualifying. Truth is that the Indian Ocean Pirates were a soft punching bag which Bafana used to warm up for the epic battle against Nigeria next month. But Baxter has warned his charges against complacency and getting carried away. “We had a good win but should not be carried away. There was a new wave, the swagger from all the players,” said Baxter. “We are aware what Seychelles are capable of. They created two big chances against Nigeria and they would think they have a chance if they sit back in the opening minutes and frustrate us. We need to guard against that. “With our history of failing to qualify, qualification is the goal. If we wrap it up quickly that would be very nice indeed. But if it goes right up to the last minute of the game, I’m sure everybody will be delighted anyway. I’m not thinking too much about that. We really have to concentrate on what we do.” South Africa are top of Group E with seven points, one more than second-placed Nigeria and three more than Libya, who are third following their 4-0 defeat to the Super Eagles. A win for Bafana today and victory for Nigeria over Libya in the other group match will leave SA needing only a point to secure their place in the 2019 finals in Cameroon. Even Wenger would agree, on this occasion football is predictable.