THEY say give credit where it is due, so this is why we thought we should compile a list of some of Mzansi’s most well dressed male celebrities. They are always red carpet red in their designer outfit that often leave fans envious. 1. Katleho Sinavasan He travels the world as the host of E! Africa and Katleho Sinavasan never sets a foot wrong when it comes to fashion, he is always on point. He is also the host of How Do I look South Africa, which gives style make-overs to those that need it most, so it’s important for him to represent and he never disappoints on the fashion stakes.  2. Lunga Shabalala Then there’s hunky television personality and actor Lunga Shabalala. He attends many events so looking good a lifestyle for him. Well, he has the perfectly tone body to fit all those fabulous designers clothes that we often see him in. Whether he’s attending a cocktail party or an award ceremony, Lunga makes sure he is the talk of the town when it comes to fashion. 3. Thapelo Mokoena There’s absolutely no way this list would be complete without mentioning Thapelo Mokoena. Even though he is a father of two, the television personality hasn’t let himself go and when it comes to looking stunning, he doesn’t settle for anything less than the best. From designer suits and traditional attire, Thapelo’s sense of style is refined and it works well for him as he is aging like fine wine. 4. SK Khoza The Queen actor SK Khoza is definitely worth a mention, his style is edgy and of course the fact that he is easy on the eye helps a great deal. Over the years we’ve watched him transform into becoming one of Mzansi’s most celebrated stars. With his personal growth, his sense of style has matured too. From baggy jeans, casual wear and now to well tailored suits that give him ‘I’ve arrived look’. Well, the father of one has definitely arrived and we are taking notice of his presence. 5. Thabiso Mokhethi Last but not least, there’s actor and television personality Thabiso Mokhethi. Remember when he had dreadlocks, he was still yummy but since he chopped them off, and went for the faded hair cut, has his style has  changed for the better and  we are here for it. The whole new look suits him and with the style he has chosen to match it with, he is definitely serving fashion goals. 