THE slogan “Z’khipha More Goals” says it all. A torrent of goals is anticipated as top flight teams face off for the ultimate Telkom Knockout “R4 million” winner’s prize. As always, eyes will be fixed on the big guns, Soweto rivals Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs, the well-off Mamelodi Sundowns as well as the defending Knockout champions Bidvest Wits. Pirates entertain Chippa United at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (8.15pm), looking to blow life into a hot-and-cold season, one that wobbles between tangible progress in the league and disappointment in knockout competitions. It’s a similar challenge for Chiefs, who host Black Leopards at FNB Stadium on Sunday (3pm), and Sundowns, who welcome Bloemfontein Celtic at Lucas Moripe Stadium tomorrow (6pm). Wits, meanwhile, visit Free State Stars at Goble Park tomorrow. But pressure is on the powerhouses after they stumbled in the season-opening top eight competition. “We approach every competition with the intention to win. Nothing has changed,” said Bucs coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic. “Our full concentration is on that game, not on the Soweto derby. We have no right to look beyond Chippa United. Football is a like a fish, it could slip out of your hands if you think too much about the rest and don’t concentrate.” Micho put the Fifa international break to good use, working mostly on the mental shortcomings which have undermined their improved performances. Bucs have suffered due to their inability to defend better and close out the games. “We cannot sweep dust under the carpet and pretend all is fine. We have removed the carpet and removed the dust, using many things with regard to that aspect of concentration from start to finish in matches.” Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas has bemoaned the bad luck that haunts his team. Twinkle-toed attacker Khama Billiat is doubtful for the Knockout opener against Leopards as he is recovering following international duty. “We are fighting against bad luck. It started with Joseph (Molangoane) then (Leonardo) Castro and now Lebo (Manyama). It should end now,” Solinas said. “But we have good players, the solutions, the options. Lebo was outstanding in the Macufe Cup. It’s a pity. I saw the picture of his accident. To me it’s a miracle (that he survived). But we have Bernard Parker, Dumisani Zuma, (Kabelo) Mahlasela and (Gustavo) Paez.” Downs’ Manqoba Mngqithi says they have done proper homework on Celtic, as they’re wary of Steve Komphela’s tactical astuteness.