THERE was a lot of sad faces outside the home of the late home of the rapper HHP earlier today. Friends and families and flocked to his home in Randpark Ridge to pay their respects. One of the visible sad faces was that of Vuyo Ngcukana, known as Schumacher on the popular TV sopie The Queen. He told daily Sun, “We knew his struggles, he was very public ab out his struggles and challenges. “It hits you hard, when it is someone you’ve worked with.” He said he was also a big fan of his work. “Depression is an illness, that’s the one thing we need to acknowledge, it is not a feeling as people would assume. “It is something that eats you from the inside, it is an overwhelming darkness.” He said sometimes because depression is a word that loosely thrown around, people tend to not take it seriously. “The minute you feel depressed, 
reach out, seek help and talk about it. Be generous with your emotions. 
Some people hide it very well.” He said they had seen HHP performing at certain places, and seemed happy. He said it is even tougher in the entertainment industry because fame makes it all seem fine. There was a lot of familiar 
faces that were seen outside the home of the late rapper. Amunishin, 
K.O, Yanga, Stogie T, Reason were some of the rappers who made to his 
house Tuesday. HHP dies, but leaves his fans with something to remember him by. Speaking to People’s Paper new kid in the block, rapper Lection said HHP had just released a demo. “He dropped an EP (Extended 
Promotion/Demo) last week, we were so excited about it. He was so 
excited about it because he tried new sounds. “He wanted to break boundaries, he wanted to work with international acts,” he said. Lection said he was working with him on his song, which also featured Fifi Copper they were supposed to push it for December. Describing HHP, Lection said he was a funny guy, despite the troubles that he has been through. “He was funny, he would crack jokes even in his darkest moments. “He was a fun person to be with and he played a huge role in our lives.”