Legendary musician, Thandiswa Mazwai has payed tribute to one of the greatest musicians in South African history. As the nation remembered, on the 12th anniversary of her passing, and reminisced on the days of Lebo Mathosa, many shared their fondest memories of the late star. “The style, the attitude, the voice, the performance! She was shy yet bold and dangerous! We were led! Our dearest tsala, madibuseng, the original drama queen! 12 years of missing you babe...mara shem you rocked us when we had you,” said Thandiswa. Thandiswa, or King Tha as she’s affectionately known, joined the chorus that sang Lebo’s praises. She joined Arts and Culture Minister, Nathi Mthethwa, Thembi Seete, Arthur Mafokate and Cassper Nyovest, among others, in making sure that the nation never forgets its fallen star. “I still know some of Lebo’s choreography cos I was a literal fan! The choreography for “Free”… I can do that, I have a Lebo autograph! I wish I had, EVEN ONE OF LEBO’s SHOES. Our old friends will remember that messed up Blue BMW she used to drive, looked like it was hand painted,” said King Tha. Thandiswa paid tribute to Lebo in a personalized Twitter thread in which she shared with the country, what Lebo meant to her and the impact she had on her life. MZANSI REMEMBERS LEBO MATHOSA! “What a beautiful person. Genuinely loved to sing for people! She understood the empowering and healing power of her gift & gave it selflessly. She gave us the energy we needed to dream! Lebo’s dream was mine too. I’m glad she imagined a girl rocking stages & conjured all of us too. She was so shy! Which is an attribute you could never associate with her. She seemed, outwardly, to be so strong and bold, but like most artists, she was just a delicate being who mostly wanted to hide from the world,” Thandiswa continued. She ended off by sharing how well-raised Lebo was, judging by her well-mannered and professional nature. “She always greeted, always said thank you, always shared, always created laughter and joy, respected children and elders! Lebo was the consummate professional, she practiced like hell for her shows! Never took it for granted! She had dance routines, outfit changes, all of that! She was a true power Diva! A freakin STAR,” the thread ended. A whole freaking mood! The style,the attitude,the voice,the performance! She was shy yet bold and dangerous! We were led! Our dearest tsala, madibuseng,the original drama queen! 12 yrs of missing you babe...mara shem you rocked us when we had you! Tjerrrrr pic.twitter.com/S6cdWbMCio  