BANYANA Banyana vice-captain Refiloe “Fifi” Jane is on a roll. For the past two years the-26-year old has been one of the most consistent football players for the national team and Tshwane University of Technology (TUT), where she played before making her move to Australian side Canberra United in August. Jane enjoyed great success with TUT last year, leading them to triumphs in both the University Sport South Africa nationals and the Varsity Football championships. Her impressive displays did not end there, as she replicated her performance at international level, helping Banyana win the Cosafa Women’s Championship in Zimbabwe last year. Jane’s hard work paid off when she and fellow Banyana star Rhoda Mulaudzi became the first SA women to move to the Australian top flight. She also played a vital role to help Banyana Banyana defend the Cosafa Cup title in Port Elizabeth this year, scoring a brace when they defeated Madagascar 2-1 in the final. This week she continued her breathtaking displays at international level when Banyana played against Chile in two friendlies. She scored in both matches, Banyana first losing 2-1 and then drawing 2-2 in a thrilling match on Tuesday. This makes for a tally of four goals in her last three matches in national colours. Her performance boosted Banyana coach Desiree Ellis’ optimism as they continue the final stages of their preparations for the 2018 Africa Women’s Cup of Nations to be held in Ghana from 17 November to 1 December. “A good return for Fifi – we have been working on finishing.  She’s getting a lot more shots on target in training and we always say if you get it on target, you have an opportunity to score,” said Ellis. “She has become a key goal-scorer for the team.” The coach was impressed with her charges’ performance despite not winning either of the two South American friendlies. “It was a great performance from the team, this is what we are looking for. Sometimes you don’t get the result but if you improve in performance, you should be happy,” said Ellis.