EXPLOSIVE winger Aphiwe Dyantyi expects another bruising battle when the Springboks collide with the All Blacks in a Rugby Championship blockbuster at the sold-out Loftus Versfeld tomorrow (5.05pm). The Lions speedster will start in his eighth Test after being named in the Boks’ starting team. “If the last Test is anything to go by, it’s going to be a physical match,” said Dyantyi. “It’s New Zealand against South Africa. I don’t think it gets bigger than that. As a country New Zealand is built around rugby. As South Africans, we take pride in our rugby. It’s going to be physical. “But I think we have prepared well for the match and all that is left now is the game on Saturday.” Bok coach Rassie Erasmus has made three changes to the team that beat Australia 23-12 last week, bringing back recovered Damian de Allende in place of Andre Esterhuizen at centre. Francois Louw will wear the No 8 jersey while Sikhumbuzo Notshe drops to the bench. Steven Kitshoff will start ahead of Beast Mtawarira at loosehead prop. “Damian has trained well and took full contact this week. He is ready,” said Erasmus. “Notshe played well against the Wallabies and will offer us something different when he comes on. But Flo (Louw) has a lot of experience and is good on the ground. “It’s going to be interesting on Saturday. The Springboks versus the All Blacks at a packed Loftus . . . It’s a special occasion.” New Zealand have already retained their Championships title, but there is no insignificant game when it comes to these two rivals. Besides, the 36-34 loss to the Boks still rankles for the Kiwis, adding to the powder keg. “They will have a different plan this time, definitely. They are hurting after the loss. They will give a hell a of performance to make sure they bounce back. “But it’s two good teams against each other. The team they have selected, with Waisake Naholo on the wing, sends a message of what’s to be expected on Saturday. But we have a chance to beat them.” Like Dyantyi, Erasmus also anticipates a physical clash. But he puts his trust in a defence which “hasn’t been solid, but rather gutsy”. Erasmus has also backed Dyantyi to continue with his sizzling form. “Aphiwe works hard and it’s wonderful that he’s stuck to his guns. He’s still young, he is going to make mistakes and we’ll have to accept that, just like we do with every young player. But I’m happy with how he performs,” added the coach.