Defending champions Amajita, hosts Zambia, as well as last year’s runners up, Lesotho, have been named as the three seeded sides for the draw of the 2018 Mopani Mines COSAFA U-20 Championship scheduled for Kitwe in Zambia. The tournament runs from 2 – 14 December. The draw is set to take place on Wednesday, 31 October in Kitwe. The three seeded sides will head the pools, with Zambia claiming position A1 in Group A, South Africa to take B1 in Group B and Lesotho penned in for C1 in Group C. The remaining nine sides will be placed in two pots based on their ranking according to performance at the 2017 COSAFA U-20 Championships that were also held in Kitwe. Malawi, Zimbabwe, Namibia and Swaziland will be placed in Pot 1, with Mozambique, Mauritius, Angola, Botswana and newcomers Reunion in Pot 2. Three teams will be drawn from Pot 1 to fill up the second positions in Groups A-C, before another three nations are drawn from Pot 2 to fill up the third positions in those pools. The remaining three balls (one of from Pot 2 and two from Pot 2) are then placed together in a single pot, with the teams to take up the fourth and final positions in each group then drawn. That will leave each group with four nations, while only the top team in each pool and the best-placed runner-up will advance to the semi-finals. The winner of Group B will take on the best-placed runner-up in the semi-finals, while the top two sides in Groups A and C will face-off in the knockout stage. The format is the same as last year, when East African guest nation Uganda topped Group A. Thabo Senong's Amajita won Group B and Lesotho were the surprise package in Group C. North African guest nation Egypt advanced from Group B as the best-placed runner-up with six points, which incidentally would have been enough to top both Groups A and C. 2018 MOPANI Copper Mines COSAFA Under-20 Championships draw: Seeded teams:Group A –Zambia (Host country)Group B –South Africa (Winners in 2017)Group C –Lesotho (Runners-up in 2017) Pot 1 Malawi, Zimbabwe, Namibia, Swaziland Pot 2 Mozambique, Mauritius, Angola, Reunion, Botswana