Staying cool at night is essential for a good night’s sleep yet for many women, the dreaded hot flushes and night sweats of menopause make sleep a nightly battle. Since we are in World Menopause Month, SunWellbeing is aiming to raise awareness of the health issues facing menopausal women, and broken sleep is one. According to the US National Sleep Foundation, up to half of all menopausal women experience sleep complications, compared with only 15% of the general population. Sleep hates heat In order to fall asleep, your body needs to drop a degree in temperature and keep that lower temperature to stay asleep. But up to 75% of menopausal women get hot flushes and night sweats in bed. Cool your room If your body won’t co-operate adjust your room’s temperature at night. The sleep foundation said a room should be between 15,5°C and 19,5°C for the best sleep. During the day, block sunlight by keeping curtains and blinds closed. If you don’t have an air conditioner, use a small desk fan to blow air around the room. If you can, sleep with an open window and bedroom door to promote air flow. A cooling mattress cover A cooling mattress cover conducts heat and sweat away from your body, cooling it. Choose natural fibres Cotton, linen and other natural fibre sheets and pyjamas are more breathable and moves sweat away better than synthetic materials. Sleep in loose night clothes and avoid restrictive clothing and heavy blankets as they can trigger hot flushes and night sweats. Cool down before getting in Strange as it sounds, a warm but not hot bath an hour before bed helps cool you down. The dampness of moisture evaporating from your skin cools the body. Drink water Keep a full bottle of water next to your bed. By drinking water, you provide liquid you can sweat, which cools your body. Don’t work out before bed Exercise is amazing for your body but avoid working out at least two hours before you want to sleep. This is because exercise raises your core body temperature for about two hours afterwards. No bedtime snacking Eating and drinking raises core body temperature so avoid them close to bed time.