A YEAR ago, all hell broke loose when a Nigerian man was killed during a police raid. At the time, his relatives said he had died at the hands of the cops while the men in blue claimed they found him dead. HOWEVER, EIGHT POLICEMEN WERE ARRESTED FOR MURDER ON FRIDAY AND APPEARED IN COURT YESTERDAY. At the time of the incident, Daily Sun reported that sources had said 25-year-old Olamilekan Badmus was killed by cops in Vanderbijlpark in the Vaal. The policemen appeared in the Vanderbijlpark Magistrates Court yesterday and were released on bail of R3 000 each. They are due back in court soon. Paul Ikwuezuma, the brother of the victim, told the SunTeam the Nigerian community was targeted by cops. “We are not free. We are victimised. These policemen come to my place and harass me and my family,” he said. “At one stage, I was arrested and accused of dealing in drugs because I’m Nigerian. I don’t even do drugs.” Outside court, ANC chairman for Sedibeng, Thulani Kunene, said they were supporting police union Popcru and the cops. “We believe Ipid is interested in media attention. They chose to arrest the officers on a Friday even though they had a warrant of arrest as early as Tuesday.” Kunene said towns in the Vaal faced problems with drugs and needed cops to deal with them. At the time of the incident, the People’s Paper reported that cops had raided Badmus’ house after getting a tip-off that drugs were being sold there. They apparently stormed into the house, waking everyone. After cops left the house, Badmus’ body was found with a plastic bag over his head. It’s believed he was suffocated. Cops claimed he was already dead when they went to the house. However, a witness told the SunTeam: “They had a plastic over his head. They told me to leave and I did. When I went back in later, I found him dead.” Members of Badmus’ family said they had no doubt the cops suffocated him during interrogation. When the family arrived, they took the body and placed it on a police car. A video shot by witnesses showed them screaming: “You killed him, now eat him or bury him!” NPA spokeswoman Phindile Louw-Mjonondwane said the eight arrested cops asked to be released on bail. “As the NPA we found no reason why they should be declined bail.” Each suspect was released on R3 000 bail and will reappear at Vanderbijlpark court on 13 November,” she said. Richard Mamabolo, Popcru national spokesman, welcomed the decision of the NPA to give their officers bail.