AMAJITA have received a tricky draw at the 2018 MOPANI Copper Mines COSAFA Under-20 Championships to be staged in Kitwe from December 2-14 as they seek to defend their title. Thabo Senong's young men were drawn in Group B where they will take on traditional rivals at age-group level Namibia, Mauritius and eSwatini. It’s a tough pool to call with the teams likely to bring much-changed squads in 2018. However, in possibly the toughest group, hosts Zambia have been drawn in Group A alongside Malawi, Mozambique and newcomers Réunion who will bring an extra dimension and something of the unknown as an associate member of COSAFA. Reunion will be making their debut at the Championships, the first time the Indian Ocean island have participated in a regional tournament at any age-group level. Their unknown factor makes them one of the most dangerous teams in the tournament. Although they are an unknown quantity in the Southern African region, they have proven a powerhouse in the Indian Ocean Games, where they have four gold medals and three silver in nine tournaments. They competed against the likes of Madagascar, Mauritius, Seychelles and Comoros. Group C contains last year’s runners-up Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Angola and Botswana, who return to the regional championship after skipping last year. Zimbabwe are six-time winners of the COSAFA Under-20 Championships but have exited in the first round in each of the last two years and will be desperate to atone for those disappointments. Only the top team in each pool and the best-placed runner-up advance to the semi-finals, where the competition switches to a knockout format. “It is an exciting draw and one that will produce plenty of thrilling football during the competition, but also a chance for these boys to test their skill against their peers from around the region,” said COSAFA President Dr Phillip Chiyangwa. “The MOPANI Copper Mines COSAFA Under-20 Championships is another step towards us fulfilling our mandate to provide development opportunity to players, coaches, matches officials and administrators and will be the fifth tournament that we as COSAFA will manage in 2018. “We are proud to continue to play our part in developing Southern African football and are grateful to our sponsors MOPANI Copper Mines and our gracious hosts, the Football Association of Zambia, for their continued support.” 2018 MOPANI Copper Mines COSAFA Under-20 Championships Draw Group A A1 - ZambiaA2 - MalawiA3 - ReunionA4 - Mozambique Group B B1 - South AfricaB2 - NamibiaB3 - MauritiusB4 - eSwatini Group C C1 - LesothoC2 - ZimbabweC3 - AngolaC4 – Botswana 