THE almost-forgotten Abia Nale has resurfaced at Black Leopards! The former Kaizer Chiefs star is training with Leopards with the hope of winning a contract with the Venda-based outfit. The 32-year-old midfielder has been without a club since the start of the new season in August after parting ways with now defunct Platinum Stars. The North West club has relocated to Cape Town and changed its name to Cape Umoya United FC. Leopards head coach Joel Masutha said a decision had not yet been taken as they are still looking at Nale, who has also played for Bloemfontein Celtic, Ajax Cape Town and Golden Arrows. Life had not been good for Nale in the last season as he struggled for game-time. Fitness could be a major concern for Masutha. “He is training with us, let’s wait and see what happens,” the coach said. Masutha also revealed that they have signed Namibian international and former Golden Arrows defender Chris Katjiukua. The 31-year-old has also played for Highlands Park. “We wanted a central defender and he impressed us at training. We are happy to have him in our team,” said Masutha. “I am sure he will add much-needed value in the team, particularly at the back.” Another player trying his luck with Lidoda Duvha is former Stars defender Sphamandla Mlilo, who started training with the newly promoted Absa Premiership club last week. Former Chiefs, Moroka Swallows and Santos player Edwin Sitayitayi is also training with them. Meanwhile, Masutha’s team received a huge boost with the return to action of their star centre-back Jean Munganga as well as Thivhavhudzi Ndou ahead of their Telkom Knockout encounter with Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Sunday (3:30pm). Ndou missed Leopards’ last league defeat (1-0) to Arrows, where Munganga injured himself and got replaced only nine minutes into the match. “This is good news for us,” explained Masutha, who can’t wait for Sunday when his charges test themselves against the Soweto giants. “The duo started training with the team on Monday and it is a huge boost for us. We need all our best players for the Chiefs game. Everyone is excited and looking forward to this clash.”