YOU will be forgiven for seeing it as mind games . . . Kaizer Chiefs are being cagey about the availability of their two forwards, Khama Billiat and striker Leonardo Castro, for this weekend’s Soweto derby. They are playing their cards very close to the chest about whether the duo will be available for Saturday’s Absa Premiership derby against Orlando Pirates at FNB Stadium (3.30pm). Speculation about the pair dominated the joint media briefing in Parktown yesterday. It could be a ploy of Amakhosi to surprise the Buccaneers and unleash the Zimbabwean superstar and Colombian forward as the sold-out crowd looks on this weekend. Both teams have resorted to mind games. Bucs fired the first shot when their assistant coach Rhulani Mokwena described Amakhosi as a weak team without their former coach, Steve Komphela, on Monday. Chiefs’ Italian coach Giovanni Solinas, experiencing his first derby, confirmed that Billiat and Castro were back in training but was unable to say if they would play or not. “I’m still waiting for word from the team doctor,” he said. “We are also in the dark. We don’t know what is happening, but I can confirm that they are back in training.” Amakhosi goalkeeper and skipper Itumeleng Khune said they would not allow their bitter rivals to distract them from preparing for the derby with mind games and talk of their current technical team. Said Khune: “Pirates are playing mind games, we don’t want to be drawn into that. It won’t work on us. We won’t allow them to destabilise our preparations. “I have worked under many coaches and it’s easy to adapt to their playing methods. There is nothing wrong with our coach and his technical team – it’s just mind games.” Bucs, meanwhile, don’t buy into any suggestion that Chiefs talisman Billiat may not be involved in what will be his first derby since he joined the Glamour Boys from league champions Mamelodi Sundowns on a free transfer at the beginning of the season. Bucs’ Serbian coach Milutin Sredojevic said his team would go on an all-out attack in the derby. The former Uganda mentor led Bucs to a convincing 3-1 victory over Amakhosi last season. Said Sredojevic: “We will be aggressive. We will follow a dual approach – we’ll work hard when we have the ball and work hard when we don’t have the ball. “We are ready, we will be arrogant on the pitch. We are training hard and have a strong belief that we can win the game.”