Banyana Banyana coach Desiree Ellis has named a provisional squad of 31 players for the Women’s African Nations Cup, taking place in Ghana from November 17 to 1 December. The top three finishers at the tournament will represent Africa at the Women's World Cup in France in June next year. Banyana, the COSAFA Women’s Championship title holders, recently returned from a trip to Chile where they lost 2-1 and drew 2-2 with the South Americans. “We have brought in players that have been part of our core group for a while now, and those we have been monitoring over a period of time. The training camp will focus mainly on improving team cohesion and fitness, while at the same time also keeping an eye on the new players,” said Ellis. “We have now reached the business end of the year where the planning has to be meticulous as we are edging closer to the tournament.”Among those getting a recall are: Yolula Tsawe, Mamello Makhabane (both JVW FC), Hilda Magaia, Jabulile Mazibuko (both TUT-PTA), Siyamthanda Skeyi (Thunderbirds) and Amogelang Motau (Oral Roberts University – USA).The players will assemble for camp on Sunday in Johannesburg, but they will be without Finland-based striker Ode Fulutudilu who was called up but declined due to club commitments.Striker Sduduzo Dlamini of Sunflower FC in Durban has taken the place of Fulutudilu, who featured off the bench in the rematch with Chile.Ellis will trim the squad down to 21 players on Friday.Provisional Squad:1. Andile Dlamini2. Kaylin Swart3. Roxanne Barker4. Yolula Tsawe5. Lebogang Ramalepe6. Nothando Vilakazi7. Janine Van Wyk8. Noko Matlou9. Bambanani Mbane10. Regina Mogolola11. Tiisetso Makhubela12.  Thato Letsoso13. Koketso Tlailane14. Kgaelebane Mohlakoana15. Refiloe Jane16. Rachel Sebati17. Mamello Makhabane18. Sduduzo Dlamini19. Leandra Smeda20. Nompumelelo Nyandeni21. Linda Motlhalo	22. Kholosa Biyana23. Hildah Magaia24. Jabulile Mazibuko25. Siyamthanda Skeyi26. Khanya Xesi27, Amogelang28. Jermaine Seoposenwe29. Thembi Kgatlana30. Melinda Kgadiete31. Amanda Mthandi