THERE’S no rift between Baroka FC head coach Wedson Nyirenda and his striker Talent Chawapiwa. But the 26-year-old must apologise first to Nyirenda. This after he refused to shake the mentor’s hand after being replaced in Baroka’s 2-1 defeat against Orlando Pirates at Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane, Limpopo last week. After the match, an angry Nyirenda said the player was acting big, but not showing that on the field. So, Nyirenda wanted to teach Chawapiwa a lesson, as the player was not part of Bakgaga’s team that played to a goalless draw with Free State Stars in a league clash on Wednesday. “Talent is like a son to me,” said Nyirenda. “But I’m here to manage the team and also manage human resource.” He added: “I go by the rules. If a player does something wrong, you reprimand him. Talent has to show remorse to come back to the team.”When your child is wrong you need to call him to order. If you leave him like that, others will do the same then the whole team will get broken.” Nyirenda said he’s a pastor, therefore, willing to forgive Chawapiwa. “I think if he made a mistake, he will have to apologise,” explained the former Zambian national team head coach and former Kaizer Chiefs striker.“I’m all ears and I’m a born-again Christian. I’m a preacher and a pastor. We believe in forgiveness. I’m not perfect, I also ask for forgiveness. There’s nothing like a rift. I have nothing against my boy.” Asked why he also left out his captain Letladi Madubabya against Ea Lla Koto, Nyirenda said: “We needed a change of squad after we lost to Pirates. Other players have to come in and do the job.”We needed players who could go punch-to-punch with Stars.” A reliable source told SunSport Nyirenda feels Madubabya is one of the players who think they are bigger than the club. “Nyirenda wants players who are disciplined and wants to fight for the team,” said the source. “Some players think they will be in the starting line-up all the time. The coach wants to show them that all players are equal and have to fight for their positions.” 