FORGOTTEN Orlando Pirates goalkeeper Jackson Mabokgwane hopes to impress coach Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic. Mabokgwane played his first match this season at King Zwelithini Stadium on Saturday and made incredible saves to help Pirates draw their Absa Premiership match with AmaZulu 1-1. Sredojevic has preferred Siyabonga Mpontshane ahead of the 30-year-old shot-stopper this season. Mpontshane has been Bucs’ No 1 goalie in the last eight league games as well as the MTN8 first round, where they lost to SuperSport United on penalties. The position between the goalposts is up for grabs, considering Wayne Sandilands was also dropped after his howler against newcomers Highlands Park FC in their first match. Brilliant Khuzwayo has yet to make his debut as he is still recovering from injury. “I have been working hard preparing myself for the opportunity to come,” said the happy Mabokgwane via Bucs’ Twitter account after the game. “It’s good that I performed well, as I now hopefully stand a chance to keep my position in the team. But what is important to me is the team, not personal glory.” Mabokgwane is delighted that his side managed to get a point in KwaZulu-Natal. Pirates’ goal was scored by striker Augustine Mulenga, while Emiliano Tade scored for Usuthu. The Buccaneers surrendered their top spot to Bidvest Wits, however, despite the teams being tied on 16 points. He said: “It was a tough game. AmaZulu are a good team– they do not park the bus when they play against big teams. They like to attack. I still think we should have taken three points off them but it was not to be.” Sredojevic hopes the Fifa break will give his side enough time to prepare for the Soweto league derby against fierce rivals Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on 27 October. Said the coach: “Credit to Johnson and his team – and to the fans for this great atmosphere. “We had a very good first half where we did everything we agreed on, including getting the lead. “We controlled the game in the first half and didn’t allow them to outnumber us when we lost the ball. “In the second half it was like two boxers punching each other. Had we been closer we could have scored, but unfortunately it was not meant to be. We will accept the draw and prepare ourselves for the big derby.”