MUCH OF Mzansi celebrated the Constitutional Court’s recent decriminalisation of dagga, the plant and its use. But the South African Society of Psychiatrists warned that the public’s infatuation with dagga does not mean it is as harmless as some claim it to be. Dr Abdul Domingo, a member of the psychiatrists society’s special group on addiction, said: “Adolescents exposed to cannaboids show that about one in six become habitual dagga abusers. Cannaboids are the psycho-active or mind affecting chemicals in the dagga plant that causes the “high” its users seek. “Exposure to cannaboids may harm the brain’s development. This may cause lasting negative effects in memory formation, attention, processing speed and overall intelligence.” The 2010 Global Burden of Diseases Study estimated that worldwide, cannaboid abuse disabled about two million years worth of people’s lives. Dr Domingo also spoke of the proven medical uses of cannaboids. These included treating chronic pain, spasticity or the uncontrollable but rigid contraction of muscles caused by multiple sclerosis as well as weight loss caused by HIV/Aids and other chronic diseases. “There is lots of scientific evidence on the effectiveness of cannaboids for medical use but unfortunately, the evidence of the harm caused by cannaboid abuse is just as strong.” Rhys Evans, director of ALCO-Safe, the suppliers of alcohol and drug-testing equipment, said dagga consumption needed to be made safe for users and non-users, especially considering South Africa’s poor road safety record. “The decriminalisation of dagga will likely see a spike in the number of dagga and driving cases.” After the Constitutional Court’s decision, it is now up to government to make new laws defining and regulating dagga’s legal and illegal private, medical and commercial use. “Until regulations are in place it will be extremely difficult for police to prove actual dagga intoxication. Expect more dagga drivers on the road with our normally high number of drunk drivers.”