“WE ARE TIRED of cops who are in the pocket of thugs.” This was the loud and clear message from residents of Westbury and Sophiatown in Joburg, who took to the streets yesterday to protest against corrupt and lazy cops. RESIDENTS SAID THEY ARE SICK AND TIRED OF GANGSTERS, DRUG LORDS, KILLERS AND THUGS RULING THE STREETS. What also made them angry were cops who failed to act against the thugs, instead taking bribes from them. Yesterday morning, the SunTeam heard a resident from the troubled suburb of Joburg shouting: “This is enough! We want peace in our area. We can’t be dying from violence. “These greedy drug lords are fighting for territory and residents end up dying. The worst part is that the very people who should be protecting us, the cops from Sophiatown Police Station, are corrupt and on the payroll of the drug lords.” Rubber bullets were fired and smoke filled the streets from early yesterday morning. By late afternoon, the police had beefed up their presence and stocked up on teargas and rubber bullets to control the furious protesters. Residents told the SunTeam they would not back down until Police Minister Bheki Cele visited the area to attend to their grievances. They said when drug dealers fought in the streets many innocent lives were lost in the crossfire. The protest started on Friday, a day after Westbury resident Heather Pieterson (46) was shot dead and her 10-year-old niece, Sherizaah Brenner, was wounded by stray bullets. Community members returned to the streets yesterday, calling for urgent action. Protesters threw rocks at the police as they fired rubber bullets. Several people were shot and a number of people were arrested. They accused cops from Sophiatown Police Station, which also services Westbury, of accepting bribes from drug lords instead of fighting crime. Resident Lwazi Matona said over the five years she had lived in the area she had witnessed five people being killed by stray bullets. “We are not safe in our own homes or in the community because drug dealers are fighting among themselves. We are tired of our police station taking hours to respond to crime and constantly telling us they are busy investigating. “They are never there when we need them and now we are tired of this. We express our concerns peacefully and they start shooting at us. They are bullies.” Andrian Marillier, a community leader who was hit in the leg by a rubber bullet, said they were gatvol of corruption at the police station and drugs in their community. “We are calling for urgent intervention and we will not stop until people with authority attend to this matter, including the minister of police,” he said. Last week, Gauteng Community Safety MEC Sizakele Nkosi-Malobane vowed to deal with cops who were not doing their jobs properly.