In his maiden mid-term budget speech, Finance Minister Tito Mboweni told Parliament that Mzansi cannot continue to borrow at this rate. “We must choose to reduce the structural deficit, for we cannot continue to have a wide difference between our revenue and expenditure,” Mboweni said. Mboweni says government must choose public sector investment over consumption. He says the Mid-Budget Speech prioritises three interlinked policy areas which include implementing President Cyril Ramaphosa’s economic stimulus and recovery plan, improving governance and financial management and reforming state-owned companies. “Improving the financial health of the major state-owned companies will take time, but measures are being taken to strengthen governance,” he said. The minister added that the Department of Telecommunications and Postal Services has gazetted a proposed policy for the licensing of high-demand spectrum and the spectrum will be auctioned spectrum for off for 4G services by April 2019 – which will lead to lower the cost of data. On the e-tolling matter, he added that government remains committed to the user pay principle – in order for the country’s road transport infrastructure to work, as 75% of the infrastructure is beyond its life span. Mboweni also says government has committed to eradicate pit-latrines toilets in all schools around Mzansi and that the President has directed that there’s a plan for all schools to have safe toilets. He says government will ensure that all female pupils will have access to sanitary pads. He also added that government will also zero rate sanitary pads, bread flour, cake flour. Boosting infrastructure investment He says this requires an increased role for the private sector and better implementation of government’s existing plans. Over the next three years, public infrastructure expenditure is estimated to be R855.2 billion, of which state-owned companies account for R370.2 billion. General government accounts for the remaining R485 billion, mainly in the form of conditional infrastructure grants. "Growth in gross fixed-capital formation has declined significantly in recent years. A central policy objective is to promote an increase in capital investment by the private sector," he said Reform and interventions in health and education The minister says during 2018, government has initiated reforms in several areas. "These include creating policy certainty in the mining and energy sectors by finalising the Mining Charter and updating the Integrated Resource Plan. Growth-enhancing policy initiatives are also under way in the telecommunications, electricity and transport sectors." Fund design to include innovative financing and regulatory reforms "In support of these reforms within a constrained fiscal framework, government is proposing reprioritisation of R32.4 billion over the next three years. Of this amount, R15.9 billion goes towards faster-spending infrastructure programmes (including R3.4 billion for school infrastructure and eradicating pit latrines), clothing and textile incentives, and the Expanded Public Works Programme. The remaining R16.5 billion will be allocated to various programmes, including recapitalising the South African Revenue Service (SARS), a minimum wage for community health workers, critical posts and goods and services in health, and streamlining the management of the justice system," he said.