THE crunch Soweto derby may be just around the corner, but for Milutin “Micho” Sredojevic the Telkom Knockout presents an immediate challenge. The Orlando Pirates coach is eyeing the Knockout Challenge to make up for their barren trophy run since he took control of the Buccaneers ship last season. Pirates have been paired with Chippa United in the Knockout Last 16 round, with the two sides facing off at Orlando Stadium on 21 October. “Yes, we are thinking about the upcoming Soweto derby. But we have no right to think beyond Chippa,” said Micho. “Yes, the derby is the biggest match of the season and we know what it means – the country comes to a standstill. But we have to show respect to the cup game. And this is why we are totally focused on the Chippa game.” Bucs have been slow out of the starting blocks this season, the sluggish start accounting for their early exit from the MTN8 tournament and the collection of only 16 league points out of a possible 30. Yet the Knockout Challenge, which Bucs have only won once in 36 years, offers a chance at redemption. Micho is certainly not taking the opportunity for granted. “The Knockout name itself speaks volumes. You either knock them out or they knock you out,” he said. “We have 16 quality teams, 16 dreams, but only one dream will come true. “We have to give absolute respect to our first opponents Chippa United and special respect for the tricky and unpredictable nature of the competition. We can’t have any slips. We have to find the perfect balance between tightening up at the back and scoring upfront.” The Buccaneers picked up only five points from their last four matches as their struggles up-front continue. But the Fifa international break couldn’t have come at a better time for Micho. He said: “We have four players on international duty but the rest are available, working to provide the platform that will help tide us over till the Knockout match and later the derby. “We have the Fifa break to polish our attack, to be much more effective in our finishing.”