South African singer, Loyiso Bala and his wife Jennifer are one of Mzansi’s favourite couples and their romance shows no signs of fading anytime soon. Things could not be better for the pair who added to their cute little family not too long ago when they welcomed their second child, Tori. The pair have another reason to celebrate, their 7th wedding anniversary. The lovely couple took to their respective social media accounts to leave lovely messages to each other for their anniversary. “They say 7 is the number for completion. Yet, I feel like we’re only just getting started,” Loyiso captioned a lovely picture of his wife in her wedding gown, “this is to many more years of love, joy and completeness with you. “Happy 7th anniversary Baby!” In lengthy Instagram post, Jennifer wrote: “Happy 7th wedding anniversary Baby! “They say that when you sail through your seventh year together, you will be able to sail through all the years that you will share together. “They also say that the secret of a happy marriage remains a secret and that a “good marriage” is between a blind woman and a deaf man. “Either way, we have officially made it past the 7 year itch, have two little humans we love more than anything in this world and have put up with each other for the past 10 years. I’d say that’s certainly something worth celebrating.” They say 7 is the number for completion. Yet, I feel like we’re only just getting started. This is to many more years of love, joy and completeness with you. Happy 7th anniversary Baby! A post shared by  Loyiso (@loyisobala) on Oct 16, 2018 at 10:50am PDT  Happy 7th wedding anniversary Baby! ??? They say that when you sail through your seventh year together, you will be able to sail through all the years that you will share together. They also say that the secret of a happy marriage remains a secret and that a “good marriage” is between a blind woman and a deaf man ?? ?? Either way, we have officially made it past the 7 year itch, have two little humans we love more than anything in this world and have put up with each other for the past 10 years. I’d say that’s certainly something worth celebrating. ?????? ?? “Love never gives up, never loses faith, is always hopeful, and endures through every circumstance.” – I Corinthians 13:7 NLT ?? Here’s to a lifetime of anniversaries and to hopefully never giving up. ??? ?? A post shared by  J E N N I F E R B A L A (@jenniferbala) on Oct 16, 2018 at 10:07am PDT  