ONE of life’s most frustrating problems is when you are blamed for trouble you did not create. Society is often too quick to judge what they think is good and proper behaviour. Felleng Tsolo (33), a mum of two boys, spoke to SunWellbeing. The mum from Pimville in Soweto, said: “My second child is a naughty six-year-old. People blame him for everything that goes wrong even when he’s innocent. “I also get angry when they point fingers or blame me for my boy’s behaviour.” Felleng needs to know if her sons are behaving normal or not. Are they not just being boys? Dr Renata Schoeman is the co-organiser of the attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) special interest group. The group is part of the South African Society of Psychiatrists. Dr Schoeman said people need to understand that ADHD is a real disorder. ADHD affects an estimated one in 20 people but the condition is plagued by myths and ignorance. She said this condition hampers a sufferer’s relationships, work and educational performance and productivity. It is a major factor in other psychological problems such as depression, reduced social functioning and increased antisocial behaviour, delinquency and drug abuse. ADHD is most noticeable in children and teens but can affect adults as well. The condition is the inability to monitor and control attention. This causes the most famous symptoms: impulsivity and hyperactivity. ADHD children can be labelled naughty or unteachable. Adults are accused of being lazy, lacking focus or being incompetent. Signs of ADHD No attention: ADHD people are permanently distracted or forgetful, don’t follow instructions or finish tasks, make careless mistakes and are disorganised. Hyperactive: ADHD sufferers fidget – they need to move. They talk about inappropriate topics or talk at inapropriate times. They find being still or quiet extremely difficult. Impulsivity: ADHD sufferers find it difficult to wait their turn. They butt into conversations. They have short tempers or low tolerance for frustration. They make sudden decisions without considering the consequences. Where to get help? - A child’s teacher or doctor should refer them to a specialist. ADHD needs to be diagnosed by a paediatrician, psychiatrist or clinical psychologist. Effective ADHD treatment - Children under five years need special psychological therapy and social training. - Symptoms can be treated with prescription medication and therapy.