SOUTH AFRICAN footballers are sissies! That’s the view of Zambian legend and head coach of Baroka FC, Wedson Nyirenda. He says local players lack commitment and passion for the beautiful game, despite having what he describes as the best league on the African continent. The former Chipolopolo coach is new to Mzansi football has made some interesting observations since he was unveiled as head coach by the Limpopo-based outfit at the beginning of the 2018/19 season. The former Kaizer Chiefs star says a lot has changed since his days as a player for the Soweto giants 25 years ago. “The organisation of the league is highly professional now. A lot has changed since then. “There’s clear communication. There’s big money and lots of interesting cup competitions. I’ve noticed that the players are being paid big money, but are doing nothing on the pitch. “I think players have to give 100% to the people who are paying them big money. There’s big talent in South Africa. Some of the South African players are not taking their jobs seriously,” he said. Nyirenda says he has great respect for Amakhosi captain and goalkeeper, Itumeleng Khune, and for Siphiwe Tshabalala who now plays for Buyuksehir Belediye Erzurumspor in the Turkish Super League. Nyirenda said: “Immediately after losing a game, today’s players start taking selfies as if nothing happened. “When you lose games you have to feel sad, struggle to eat and beat yourself about it, but instead players start partying after losing games and carry on with their lives as if nothing has happened. “Children look up to them and they must act like role models. But they don’t care. “There’s a difference between wearing the jersey of a club and flying the country’s flag. “That should help them appreciate the fans and give it their all. But players here believe they have arrived by just getting the senior national call-ups without kicking a ball.” Nyirenda says he has big plans for the Polokwane-based club, and has promised to take the lessons he is learning in Limpopo with him when he goes back comes. Nyirenda holds the Caf A Licence, German B Licence, Uefa Meridian Solidarity certificate, Olympic solidarity certificate and the Brazilian certificate as his coaching qualifications. He added: “Given more time, I can make Baroka competitive.”