APOLOGIES, apologies and more apologies!Disappointment was written all over the faces of Kaizer Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas and his captain Itumeleng Khune when they addressed the media following their 11th straight win-less Soweto derby match against Orlando Pirates.The FNB Stadium media tribune was used by the duo to express their heartfelt apologies to the Amakhosi faithful after they lost the Soweto derby 2-1 to Pirates on Saturday. Bucs came back from a goal down to break the hearts of Amakhosi supporters who attended the match in huge numbers. Zimbabwean superstar Khama Billiat scored on derby debut to put Chiefs ahead after 15 minutes, but Pirates responded quickly via goals by Innocent Maela and Vincent Pule. “We say sorry to our fans,” Solinas said. “It’s painful to lose the derby. We lacked the right mentality to win the match and for that we apologise to our fans. “We lost concentration after we scored, we just stopped playing after starting the match well.” Khune jumped in to convey his heartfelt apology: “It’s very disappointing on our side as a team. We disappointed the Amakhosi faithful and we apologise. It’s sad to lose. “We wanted to give our fans something to go home with, but we didn’t. We switched off and Bucs caught us napping at the back with two quick goals.” Khune saved Justin Shonga’s first-half penalty kick to keep his team in the game but was shown flames later on as Bucs’ goals came minutes part. Pirates thrashed Chiefs 3-1 at the same venue in the 2017-18 season. Amakhosi have not won any of their last four league games, with the Bucs defeat a particularly bitter pill to swallow. Solinas urged his players to improve their mentality as they shift their focus to the Telkom Knockout quarterfinal clash with SuperSport United at FNB Stadium on Saturday. He said: “We have to move on from this. We have another big game on Saturday and we cannot dwell on this defeat forever.” Solinas and Khune were grilled about the pairing of centre-backs Mario Booysen and Siyabonga Ngezana as they were given a torrid time at the back by the speedy Pirates players. Solinas responded: “No, I won’t change my defenders based on which team we play against. I will keep my defenders. “I believe in my defenders. I am the coach and I will keep my defenders.” Khune said: “I don’t mind who plays in front of me, as long as the coach believes in them, I’m okay with it. It’s not fair to say which player must play.”