STUART Baxter has blamed everything that moves except himself and his charges following Bafana Bafana’s embarrassing 0-0 draw with Seychelles in their 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier at Linite Stadium, Victoria on Tuesday. The Scot put the blame squarely on the stadium’s artificial pitch, referee and even the ball boys were not spared his wrath. Baxter presented a rather sour face compared to his bubbly self when Bafana thrashed the Fishermen of Seychelles 6-0 in their first encounter at an empty FNB Stadium at the weekend. On Tuesday Bafana appeared out of sorts, missing open chances with Lebo Mothiba and Percy Tau being the main culprits. But instead of pointing fingers at his players, Baxter was all over the place when they landed at OR Tambo International Airport yesterday, to the amazement of local media who had watched the game on TV. The draw means Bafana will need to beat Group E leaders Nigeria on 16 November and Libya next year to secure their place on the bus leading to Cameroon where the Afcon tournament will be held from 15 June to 13 July. So far Cameroon, as hosts, have qualified as well as Madagascar, who will be making their debut in the continental competition, along with Tunisia, Senegal and Egypt. South Africa are one behind Nigeria on eight points from four matches, while Libya occupy third spot on four points. Seychelles have been eliminated. Said Baxter: “I was frustrated and angry the way the game panned out. It’s a very difficult challenge. Percy Tau’s goal – was that offside? Lebo (Mothiba) – was that a penalty or not? “The Nigerian coach told me that the pitch was the worst he had ever played on in a competitive game. That’s not an excuse because we did enough to win the game.” Among other excuses Baxter threw at media yesterday, was: “I think a combination of the pitch, the unbelievable time wasting and cheating by the opponent, the very bad refereeing performance and not taking the chances we created. “That pitch also took a bit of time to get used to. When you run with the ball it bounces all over the place.” Baxter says Nigeria had luck on their side to hammer Seychelles 3-0 on such a terrible pitch. He went on: “We had three penalties turned down – Nigeria got a penalty. “We hit the cross bar and it came down and bounced out and they (Nigeria) hit the crossbar and hit the goalkeeper and it went in the net. “Those are the margins. You need a bit of luck. I think the boys did as much as they could and needed a bit of quality at the right time.” Baxter stressed that it wasn’t easy to prepare for what they endured in Victoria. He added: “If I had trained on an astroturf before the game at FNB (Stadium), people would have thought I had gone crazy. “It’s unfortunate and to be fare I don’t think we needed a lot of work (to beat Seychelles) on that pitch because it was like playing on rubber. If we had trained on pitch and astroturf at the same time we would have risked injuries.” However, Baxter says all is not lost as they still have a good chance of being among the 24 teams that will compete in the finals next year.