TODAY’S false expectations that all men should be sex
studs at all times may be behind the huge increase of men complaining they can’t
get it up when the moment arrives. According to the Guardian, a recent study of 2 000
British men found that 50% of those in their 30s reported difficulties in
getting and maintaining an erection. This is a huge increase in young men who fear they are
impotent or have erectile dysfunction. But the problem is in their heads, not their 4-5s, say
medical professionals.Unrealistic expectations of what a man should be capable of are being driven by
media such as pornography, some believe. “If you look at the rise of easily accessible
pornography, people have an expectation that men are going to be great
performers,” Raymond Francis, a psychotherapist in London told the Guardian. Men who put huge pressure on themselves to live up to
these unrealistic expectations may actually be making themselves so anxious that
they fail to get a hard 4-5. After a few bad experiences caused by this performance
anxiety, they then conclude that their 4-5s are broken. “I see an increasing number of men under the age of 35
developing performance anxiety,” says Francis. “Shortly before the man finds
himself in bed with his partner, the anxiety builds. The more he imposes a
demand on himself, and the more that demand is not met, the more disturbed he
becomes. It’s a self-fulfilling prophecy.” Others believe drugs like Viagra have also heaped the
pressure on men. Nicole Prause, a neuroscientist who specialises in sexual
behaviour, told the Guardian: “Everyone has erectile problems from time to
time. It would be weird if you didn’t. “But with the drugs companies in the 90s, they started
pushing the idea that any erection trouble is unacceptable.” “We are raised in a culture where men do not talk
authentically about sex,” says Paul Nelson, founder of Frank Talk, an online
support group for men with impotence. “Nobody tells you how to have sex – you
just figure it out yourself from other teenage boys and porn.”