IT IS practically win or bust for Bafana Bafana. Any result other than a win against Seychelles could derail South Africa’s efforts to qualify for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations. Bafana host the Group E “whipping boys” at FNB Stadium tomorrow (3pm), looking to keep their campaign on track and revive the hopes of long-suffering fans. But to think of Group E as a “four-team contest” would be fatal for Bafana players. With only two rounds of qualifying matches played, Group E has already become a three-horse race between South Africa, Nigeria and Libya. Truth is Seychelles, who are so far winless in nine matches, seem to be mere lambs to the slaughter. Yet coach Stuart Baxter has cautioned against complacency, reasoning Bafana don’t usually do well against so-called minnows. “I’ve been in football long enough to understand that you don’t underestimate anybody,” said Baxter before yesterday’s training session. “In my lifetime, England have played against San Marino in a World Cup and gone a goal down. With a bit of humility, I don’t think South Africa can afford to do that. We have a habit of not performing at our best against so-called lesser teams. I’ve seen banana skins in many parts of the world. But I’m challenging my players to perform at their best.” Injuries haven’t been kind to Baxter, three players having pulled out already. But he is confident he will put out a strong lineup. “It’s just difficult when you keep getting players going down with injuries. A couple of players have disappeared. But I’m just about done with my starting team,” he explained. “We will be ready by the time we get to the game. We are certainly approaching the game the right way, showing good spirit.” With a population of 95 000 spread over land the size of the Northern Cape, Seychelles is not widely recognised in the football world. They don’t have prominent players and are ranked 189th by Fifa. Their highest ranking of 129 was achieved in 2006. Nobody loses to Seychelles. “It is regrettable that the football-loving public misses out on a great opportunity. Safa offered the SABC the matches at no cost while negotiations were taking place, but the SABC declined.”