BAFANA’S Bafana 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers against Seychelles on 13 and 16 October may not be viewable on SABC platforms, says Safa president Danny Jordaan. Financial woes nearly resulted in blank screens on the viewing public’s TV sets when Bafana faced Libya in their recent draw, but the government’s intervention saved the day. The same predicament has returned to haunt South Africans but this time indications are that there will be no one to rescue the public broadcaster. “The SABC has a new passion for international football (English Premier League) and cricket, and doesn’t consider local soccer anymore,” the Safa boss told SunSport yesterday, indicating that the corporate sector overlooks football when it comes to investment. Jordaan said he would meet with the Bafana technical team next week to inculcate in them the importance of collecting six points from Seychelles. Seychelles have been the whipping boys of Group E, losing 3-0 to Nigeria in last month’s qualifiers, and Jordaan reckons Bafana can add to their woes. “We have no choice – we have be on 10 points after the second game,” Jordaan said. “Libya will play Nigeria and we don’t know what is going to happen there. Ours is to win our matches.” But he cautioned that there were no more “walkover” games in Africa, considering the qualifying shockers where Ethiopia beat Ivory Coast and Senegal drew 2-2 with Madagascar. “I know fans want results, and that is what the coach (Stuart Baxter) must deliver. South Africans are right when they say Bafana should have defeated Libya. For that Baxter needs players who will fight hard for their country, like (Luka) Modric did for Croatia. He collapsed after matches because of his commitment. Players must do it for their country. Bafana must deliver.” He said Baxter had to win the race against time as 2022, the deadline year for the association’s development vision, is fast approaching. More youth must be part of the setup in four years. “We cannot continue putting our trust in players aged 30 and older who will not be part of the structure in four years’ time,” he added.