BMW has launched the X7, their biggest SUV ever. Think of the X7 as the 7-Series of the X-range. It sits at the top of the range and it's got the grille to
show it. It is 5.1 metres long, 2 metres wide, 1.8 metres tall with a
3.1-metre wheelbase and it weighs 2.4 tonnes. Seven people can sit comfortably in the car covered in
7-Series-rivaling luxury. It comes as standard with 7 seats, but you can also option
out the middle row's middle seat and have it as 6-seater. This being a luxury
7-seater, the third row gets some creature comforts like armrests, cup holders
and USB ports trimmed in Vernasca leather trim standard. You get four-zone climate control, three section panoramic
sunroof and ambient lighting as standard. Like any BMW you can option car to the max with things like
five-zone automatic climate control, ambient air package, panorama glass roof sky
Lounge, controls with glass applications, Bowers and Wilkins Diamond Surround
Sound System and Rear-seat entertainment Professional optional. To ensure that no drinks are spilt, the car comes with air
springs at both axles and adaptive suspension with electronically controlled
dampers as standard. You can further enhance the ride with the option of
Integral Active Steering and Executive Drive Pro with active roll stabilisation
optional. This is a big car and it is no surprise that it comes with
every safety feature you can think of, Active Cruise Control with Stop and Go
function, Driving Assistant Professional with Steering and lane control
assistant, Lane Change Warning and Lane Departure Warning, Lane Keeping
Assistant and side collision protection, you get the point. BMW’s new iDrive 7.0 with Live Cockpit Professional comes
standard. It features a fully digital instrument cluster and
infotainment display, both the displays are 12.3-inches. You also get BMW Google Assistant like a personal assistant
that helps with controlling things like the panoramic roof, ambient lighting and
even the climate controls. Like the new X5, no petrol option will be offered at launch. Only two diesel options will be available in Mzansi, the
quad turbo M50d which comes with an M-Sport differential as standard and the
more sensible xDrive30d. The M50d will be priced from R1.8-million and the xDrive30d
will be around R1.5-million. The X7 will be available from March 2019.