NO qualifying match is easy . . . even when you’re playing against lowly-ranked Seychelles. So says Percy Tau as he prepares to lead Bafana Bafana’s attack against the Indian Ocean minnows in their Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier on Saturday. Traditional “whipping boys” Seychelles are the only winless team in Group E, having already lost to Libya and Nigeria. And they are not necessarily expected to pose a genuine threat to Bafana, despite the South African team missing key players such as Bongani Zungu, Keagan Dolly and Themba Zwane through injury. “We are doing our work on them (Seychelles). Their past results don’t matter for this game,” said Tau. “I think the game is important for both teams. We have to do our best to get a result.” Bafana are equal on four points with group leaders Libya. But their biggest threat appears to be the North Africans and Nigeria, who have already collected points against Seychelles. This puts Bafana under tremendous pressure to milk six points from their next two matches against the lowly Indian Ocean Pirates, first at FNB Stadium (3pm) on Saturday and then away at the Stade Linite in Victoria on Tuesday (2.30pm). The former Mamelodi Sundowns star insists it is too early to talk about not qualifying as there are four more matches left. “We are second in the standings and there are four matches to be played. It’s a group, you have to be smart and analyse it. Also, in a group your result is influenced by the other group match,” Tau explained. “We can’t be putting pressure on ourselves and thinking too much about the whole situation. A draw is better than a loss. We have to do our best and put the country back where it deserves to be. We have to qualify.” Tau also opened up about his shock move to Belgian second division side Royale Union Saint-Gilloise via English Premiership club Brighton & Hove Albion. Many were surprised when the 24-year-old agreed to a loan move to the obscure European league after his storming season in the PSL. Yet he has hit the ground running, his goal and three assists helping to propel Saint-Gilloise to the top of the league standings. “Personally I don’t think I’ll be able to justify (answer) each and everyone’s view,” Tau said. “We live in a society where everyone has a view. It’s a different path I’ve chosen. I’ve done it before, with Witbank Spurs, and it worked out. I never have doubts in making decisions that a lot of people won’t agree with. “But it’s always good to have belief and know that you’ll get better and improve.”