FACE us in the streets! This was the challenge from Police MInister Bheki Cele as the hard-as-steel Amaberete unit arrived in crime plagued Westbury, Joburg yesterday. Their target is gangsters and drug dealers. Surrounded by various members of the police force and excited residents, top cop Cele and the Amaberete answered the call from desperate residents. They are calling for drastic measures to combat the violent crime that is making their lives a living hell. “This is an invitation to the gangsters to come out and face us in the streets. But if you don’t come out we will get you in your houses,” said the minister. Cele was speaking at Westbury’s Open Field sports ground as 143 special joint task force members, also known as the Amaberete, or Cele’s Boys, were moved in to the suburb. “We are bringing these police members here to defend this community and to arrest criminals. You wanted our special team. I hope you will accept them and receive them because you requested them,” he said. “We are here to patrol the streets and to arrest the drug lords.” He said a list of 20 most wanted criminals in the area will be handed to the cops so they can arrest them. Residents said they were happy when the unit arrived in the area. “They must shoot with real ammunition, not rubber bullets,” said a 38-year-old resident. “Those thugs don’t give a damn about us.” Shortly after the arrival of the cops in their riot gear and distinctive berets, a defence force chopper landed at the stadium. Amaberethe officers got into the helicopter and hovered around the area for about 30 minutes, possibly to get their first bird’s eye view of the place. Resident Christopher da Silva said: “We are grateful and thankful that the minister has come through on his promise. We didn’t think it would ever happen.” He said it brings a sense of hope that the community would now find some peace. “They must roam the streets day and night.” Anne Burds told Daily Sun she hopes to see results from the visible presence of the Amaberete. “We are not safe even when we walk to the shops because we are being shot at. We are too scared to leave our houses. When they were in Eldorado Park we saw results.”