THE recent fuel price increases kicked us all right in the pocket! And with another increase coming at the end of this month, we need to change the way we use our vehicles. Matthys Potgieter, spokesman and debt expert at DebtSafe, gave some tips on using less fuel to get where you are going. Share rides and lift clubs Use social media to organise a lift club with people who live near you and work near your work. If you share driving duties, you don’t use the fuel when your vehicle isn’t being used. Even if you don’t have a vehicle, paying for your trip takes the hassle and boredom out of the drive. Shop at one place Don’t drive to different malls searching for one item that costs the least. The money you save doesn’t match the money you burnt driving everywhere. Do all your shopping at one place. Fuel measuring apps There are smart phone apps such as SA Fuel Price, FillApp, PitStops (diesel price only) or Fuel Log 3 which help you measure the costs of your fuel use. Try one or all. Car pools over the holidays If you have family and friends travelling to and from the same destination as you over the holidays, car pool with them. Aligning the wheels once a year Don’t forget that you need your wheels aligned at least once a year to avoid tyre wear and increasing fuel use. Monthly tyre pressure checks Make sure you also check your tyre pressure each month to improve your car’s fuel efficiency. Avoid the tolls Toll roads are built to be the quickest way to where you want to go but more affordable ways are available with a little planning. With a map and note taking, you can drive across beautiful country few ever see. Driver slowly but not too slow Not only is speeding a leading cause of the yearly death and horror on Mzansi roads but it also wastes fuel. Start your trip early, drive slower and get where you are going feeling relaxed. Experts recommend that you will get the best fuel consumption by driving in the highest gear possible and maintaining a constant but reasonable speed – no higher than 100km/h. The cost of air conditioning We know the heat can be unbearable but air-conditioning burns more fuel. It also burns more fuel when you drive at lower speeds. If you must use the air-conditioner, only use it at speeds of about 100km/h.