SA FOOTBALL Association (Safa) boss Danny Jordaan will today meet with Gay Mokoena, who was the association’s acting president for the last two weeks, to get a full briefing on the controversial R50 million Outsurance sponsorship. The sponsorship, which is designed to help develop match officials and would feature them in the insurance company’s colours while officiating, has caused a rift between Safa and the Premier Soccer League (PSL) – who have never been the best of buddies anyway. But Jordaan told SunSport that he would jump into the middle of the “misunderstanding” to try and find common ground, “but first I must be briefed by Gay”. He explained: “I’m going to see Gay, who was the acting president at the time. “Remember, I left the country on 20 September (on Caf and Fifa assignments) and just came back, so I will get the latest from him. “We’ll talk about the problems with the sponsors, which I just saw in the papers . . . “The idea that there is a problem between the PSL and Safa is an artificial thing. “Remember the movement of players from amateur juniors to professionals is in one line. Therefore there must be co-operation to make sure that in the end those players turn professional and perform to get into Bafana Bafana, where they must work for the national team. “It makes sense that the PSL and Safa must work together. People are correct to expect a partnership between the two and us working together – not for our own sake but for the sake of football people and the national team.” When asked if he would call for a truce, Jordaan responded: “No need for any call. It should be like that, why must I call for something that is so obvious? “Look, football works continuously – you play for the juniors, go to the ABC Motsepe League and then if your team gets promoted, you end up in the PSL.” Meanwhile, it is still unclear if Safa chief executive Dennis Mumble will return to his position at the association after his contract expired. It has been widely reported that Mumble is no longer interested in returning to the association, but Jordaan said he would get briefed by Mokoena on which direction they will take. When asked about the association’s finances, Jordaan replied: “As much as we’re big promoters of media freedom, I believe some media (houses) are not objective. I’m not saying you, unfortunately some of the journalists and media have taken sides and it is very unprofessional.” The Safa boss says only football’s dirty financial linen is laid bare in public. “Cricket is down by R600 million while rugby has made a R62m loss but no one is saying anything about that. “It is unfortunate, the (presidential) elections has not stopped. The election for the leadership of SA football has not stopped and it will continue,” he added.