“We are not moved or shaken.” These were the words of EFF leader Julius Malema, announcing they stand by their deputy
president, Floyd Shivamvu. The party also said that it has not received any donations
from Floyd’s brother, Brian Shivambu. The EFF gave its side of the story on the VBS saga at a
media briefing on Tuesday. “We have no reason to doubt Floyd. We have full
confidence in our Deputy-President and we remain united and unshaken by any and
all attempts to slow down or discredit the EFF,” said party leader Julius
Malema. Malema said the EFF has also not been mentioned in the
report, neither has it been accused of any wrong doing. Malema said Shivambu has taken the EFF leadership into
confidence in relation to VBS media claims and we have no reason to doubt him,
more so because he is not mentioned in the official Motau VBS report. However, we reject the witch-hunt and mob justice that
seeks to declare people guilty through courts of public opinion. The law must
take its course and all who are implicated must fully cooperate with law
enforcement institutions. He said the enemies of “our revolution” who wish to see
the EFF, which is the only voice of the poor silenced, are seeking to bring
both our Deputy-President and the organisation through a back door into the VBS
saga. “Therefore, any pronouncements based on the validity of
the report are premature.” Malema said they have noted that several persons
mentioned in the report are challenging the validity and lawfulness of the
report on the basis that Advocate Motau did not afford them the right to put
their side of the story. He, however, reiterated that all those who have been
found to have benefitted illegally from the bank’s collapse must be criminally
prosecuted. Malema added that VBS Mutual Bank was founded on the
deposits of humble rural self-help financial associations like Stockvels and
Burial Societies. “The corruption and maladministration thereof saw many of
the villagers unable to even bury their dead.” At the same briefing, Shivambu said there was no R10
million that “ever came into his account”. “We never took money from the VBS,” said Floyd. He called on anyone with such information to go open a
case with the police.  