THE SMARTPHONE has revolutionised communication. No longer do Mzansi people have to time their calls at different pay phones to speak to loved ones, colleagues and friends. It started with cellphones and messaging services but that exploded with email access, social media such as Instagram and Facebook, messaging apps such as WhatsApp and then video calls! Mzansi is now among the top users of smartphones in the world. Our lives and the internet A survey by Deloitte shows that 73% of people use wi-fi at home, work, or at a place of study, compared to the 45% who rely on mobile networks. Only 35% of people use wi-fi in public areas and 14% use it when commuting. The demand for data as matched with the need for increased storage on new browsing devices. The rise of over-the-top apps (apps that directly use the internet system to transmit data such as WhatsApp and similar message platforms) have force service providers out of their old-school business models to create revenue. Email apps also continue to be a popular medium for personal and business communication. Users aged 25 to 45 years prefer to spend more time on short videos and news stories while most 16 to 24-year-olds stream music and TV series. They are least likely to read the news. Device addiction The smartphone has created a new problem: The numbers of people who have an addictive response to phone use is increasing. Deon Prinsloo, mobile communications general manager for LG South Africa, said while some people spend too much time on mobile phones, there are others who simply cannot do without them. “As machine-learning technology becomes common, smart devices will become even more central to our lives.” More than one-third of people worldwide said they check their phone within five minutes of waking up in the morning and 20% of them check their phone more than 50 times a day. “There’s no doubt that phones are integral to our lives but 47% of people asked believe their partners use their phones too much and 27% of parents say their kids use their phones excessively.” While 69% say they use their phones while watching TV and 15% admitted to using their phones while driving.