TOKELO Rantie could be set for a keenly awaited Cape Town City debut against AmaZulu tonight. But the focus is not entirely on the former Bafana Bafana striker who joined City last month. “He looks to be a step closer to being back on the pitch, doing what he does best and that is scoring goals,” said City coach Benni McCarthy of Rantie. Still riding the crest of his top eight success wave, McCarthy eyes another cup triumph as he guides the Citizens against AmaZulu in their Telkom Knockout first round clash in Umlazi tonight. Will he be able to make it two titles in one season, though? First McCarthy has to see off his astute AmaZulu counterpart, Cavin Johnson, in the first of back-to-back clashes between City and Usuthu. “I enjoy watching City play. Benni has them playing really well and I have to say, out of all the teams in the PSL, I particularly enjoy watching them,” said Johnson. “But we are playing at home, where we have a good record this season. So we also have an equal chance to win.” Still reeling from a harsh Fifa ruling, AmaZulu haven’t won in five matches, having drawn three and lost two. But a cup triumph would be something to cheer about after Fifa docked them points for failing to comply with a CAS-approved ruling relating to the long-running contract dispute between the club and former player Phinheas Nambandi. Johnson will, however, be hoping the clash doesn’t go to penalties, knowing the prowess of Peter Leeuwenburgh between the poles. Already, two cup matches have been decided by the dreaded spot-kicks. Kaizer Chiefs needed penalties to see off stubborn Black Leopards. It was a similar challenge for SuperSport United, who needed a penalty shoot-out to squeeze past Polokwane City. In fact, Kaizer Chiefs could consider themselves lucky to have clinched it 4-2, having survived an onslaught from the gallant Leopards in their 1-1 draw, though coach Giovanni Solinas put a curious spin on it. “Yes, we conceded chances but we also created chances. My team hit the crossbar twice and the post – and Black Leopards? They hit the post once. Okay, so we won 3-1,” said Solinas.