AFTER rescuing a point against Chelsea in their previous game, English Premiership title contenders Liverpool will receive another acid test in the form of champions Manchester City. Daniel Sturridge’s dramatic late equaliser in the 1-1 draw in London, maintained the Reds’ unbeaten run in the league. Jurgen Klopp’s charges entertain the Citizens in a top-of-the-table clash at Anfield today (5.30pm). The Reds and City are tied on 19 points after seven games, but the champions top the standing due to their superior goal difference. Manchester United and Liverpool were the only two teams to defeat City last season. Many have tipped the Reds to wrestle the league title away from the Citizens this season. Klopp’s men will use the pick of the weekend’s match to see how far they are in their quest to win the Premiership title in over two decades. City cruised into a comfortable 2-0 victory over Brighton & Hove Albion in their last league game.  It’s not the title decider, but the winner in this match will gain momentum and the belief in the race, as both teams are tipped to fight each other for the right to be crowned the best team in English football. The Reds ended the Citizens’ Uefa Champions League dream when they dumped them out of the semi-final last season.  They also became the first team to end their unbeaten run in the league last season. Liverpool will go into the big game high on confidence, as they have done it before against City. Klopp heaped praise on Sturridge for his fine display against Chelsea, and will be hoping to see him on top of his game against City. The English international is on-form and his goals will boost the Reds’ quest to lift the Premiership title. Pep Guardiola’s charges will look to Sergio Augero to fire them to victory against the Reds.  The Argentine striker was on target for City in their Champions League 2-1 victory over TSG Hoffenheim in Germany on Tuesday night. Liverpool was crushed in a 1-0 defeat by Serie A outfit Napoli in Italy in Europe.