IT’S all system go for the mouth-watering World Boxing Super Series bantamweight showdown between highly-rated South African fighter Zolani “Last Born” Tete and Russian prospect Mikhail “Mash” Aloyan. The reigning World Boxing Organisation (WBO) world bantamweight from Mdantsane, in the Eastern Cape, will put his title on line against Aloyan on 13 October at the Ekateringburg Expo, in Russia. The pair will meet on the quarter-finals of the money-spinning World Boxing Super Series second season. The East London-based camp who left Mzansi shores for their battle on Aloyan’s backyard, declared their state of readiness before jetting off to Russia. The chief trainer at All Winners Gym, Loyiso Mtya, said they were ready and looking forward to rewriting history books by winning the competition. “This is an important stage of our campaign and we have to win to proceed to the next level. We are ready and we did everything that needs to be done preparing for the fight. We are prepared for whatever Aloyan will be bringing. This is the first step to our dream of unifying the division because the overall winner will take all the belts,” said Mtya. The Japanese Inaoya Inoue will put his WBA regular belt on the line against Carlos Panayo of the Dominican Republic on Sunday, while Rodriguez of Puerto Rico will defend against Australian Jason Moloney two weeks later. Ryan Burnett will clash with five-times world champion Nonito Donaire and Tete’s camp will watch that contest with key interest. The winner between Burnett and Donaire will unify with the victor between Tete and Aloyan, while the triumphant between Naoya and Panayo will face the winner between Rodriguez and Moloney. However the four fights novice Aloyan can not be underestimated as he boasts with pretty amateur career. He is a former top amateur who won gold at the 2010 European Championship, a bronze medal at the 2012 Olympics and gold at 2011 and 2013 World Championships. He holds WBC silver and WBA international titles.