LEBOGANG PHIRI was a 15-year-old tiny tot when I travelled with the SA Under-17 squad to Buenos Aires in Argentina for a tournament in 2010. Amajimbos defeated Argentina’s national Under-17 side 1-0 and played a couple of friendlies against the likes of Boca Juniors. Phiri, together with Bloemfontein Celtic defender Lorenzo Gordinho, were benchwarmers and not part of coach Solly Luvhengo’s playing squad. They spent most of the time wondering what the future had in store for them and whether or not they were good enough or if they were just taken to Argentina to make the numbers. Today, exactly eight years later, Phiri is staking a claim in the Bafana set-up. The Alexandra-born attacking midfielder is slowly but surely making his presence felt. The four years he spent playing for Brøndby IF in Denmark helped him a lot. His career sky-rocketed when he signed for Guingamp in the French League 1. Phiri and Gordinho seem to be the only players who had turned their careers around. The rest of the galaxy of stars that made up that Amajimbos team are nowhere to be found, while Phiri and Gordinho are rising in stature every year. Star Maselaelo “Shakes” Seanego was a good prospect at Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates, but fell by the wayside. Holding midfielder Tumelo “Scholes” Mopedi promised so much and underwent trials at PSV Eindhoven and Ajax Amsterdam. The side’s captain Nkululeko Tshangane failed to make it at Kaizer Chiefs. He later emerged at Mpumalanga Black Aces and is now trying to revive his career at Jomo Cosmos. Speaking to SunSport from the Bafana camp, Phiri said: “I didn’t play a lot in the SA Under-17 and that motivated me to sit down and look at my situation. It was good for my mentality. “Not playing pushed me to the limit. I couldn’t point fingers at the coaches or the players. I knew I had the ability and it was up to me to make a difference. “It’s a big step from Amajimbos to Bafana. I’ve set goals which I must reach. There’s lots of experienced and talented players here in camp and I’m hoping for a chance to play,” he said. Phiri still keeps in touch with his former junior teammates via social media. “I’m still in touch with them and we communicate. We’re growing and we’ve come a long way together. We all had dreams, looking for accolades and morecall-ups.” Phiri says his life changed drastically since he moved abroad. “Yeah, it has. I grew up in Alexandra and my family worked hard for me. I’m happy and am playing against the best in the world. “Every morning I’m grateful for the opportunity I’m given. Mine is to remainlevel-headed. I’m not looking to come back in the PSL soon. I want to build my brand and stay in Europe for a long time. “If I come back, it’ll be my choice and for my family,” he said. About their back-to-back Afcon qualifying matches against Seychelles, Phiri says they have no option but to win both games and consolidate their position to qualify for the 2019 Afcon in Cameroon.