FINANCE minister Nhlanhla Nene has told the State Capture Commission of Inquiry, that he believes he was removed from office because he refused to approve certain projects. “It seems that those projects may have benefited the Gupta family and other close associates of the then-president," Nene said. He said the finance minister needs the full support of president, adding that the minister is the last wall of defence against any corrupt practices. Nene says documents appeared in 2015, claiming Treasury had been captured by apartheid spies and white monopoly capital - Project Spiderweb. The minister says when the documents surfaced, he was reminded of a remark made by Former President Jacob Zuma a month earlier, about apartheid spies operating at treasury. He says although he originally dismissed this, he later realised treasury did not enjoy support from Zuma. Reports showed that Project Spiderweb first came off the email address of then SAA chairperson Dudu Myeni. The inquiry is dealing with the Project Spiderweb report - which claimed agendas at National Treasury to frustrate radical economic transformation. Nene says when they knew treasury was under attack they needed to be vigilant in doing their work going forward. "I did meet the Gupta family, particularly Mr Ajay Gupta, at a number of occasions, government events... they were regular attendees at government events at that time, but not to discuss government business because that's generally, what normally comes up," Nene said. He says his first encounter was during a dinner after the State of the Nation Address in 2009, while he was deputy minister of finance. Nene further said that he was later invited to the Sahara offices in Midrand. The minister says the Guptas marketed themselves as good cooperate citizens, who did not do any business with the state. According to Nene, it would make sense that government would have supported the media house, if they asked for support of the New Age venture, the minister said. “The Guptas did not ask for support directly,” Nene said. Minister Nene also denied allegations that his son benefited from the PIC. HE said he has no idea about the origins of the accusations. Saying what baffled him though, was the timing and how the accusations were raised on social media, which was just a few days before his appearance at the commission.  