THE STRANGERS dragged her into the bush. One took out a knife and started stabbing her while the other stood guard. She had no idea who they were, but she knew exactly what they wanted. WE WANT YOUR HEART, THEY TOLD HER! “I felt the knife as it went into my body,” said the 16-year-old girl from Payneville, Springs, Ekurhuleni. “I couldn’t scream as he gagged me with his left hand and stabbed me with his right. I closed my eyes and prayed. I felt the knife in my chest.” The girl said the would-be killer pinned her down and told her not to scream. He stabbed her in the left armpit and in the back. His accomplice, as far as she knows, was standing nearby. “The man then stabbed me in the chest, ready to open my body so he could rip out my heart.” By now the girl was dazed and bleeding badly but suddenly the man jumped up. Both the men ran away, leaving her bleeding. “I think they ran away because three passersby came towards us. I was dizzy. I pleaded with them to help me.” One of the men ran to a nearby house to ask for help. The girl was taken to Far East Hospital in Springs where doctors drained the wound, as she was bleeding internally. It is a miracle that she survived. The girl, who is still shocked, told Daily Sun the man who attacked her said he wanted her heart. “I begged him not to kill me but he kept on stabbing me. I thought I was going to die.” The girl’s mother (46) said she can’t even think about what would have happened to her daughter if the three men hadn’t arrived. “I thank God for saving my child. She could be dead as we speak.” The three men who arrived just in time to stop the brutal murder of the young girl have not been identified. Residents said they live in fear of ritual killers. “Our area is becoming scary. The people who are doing this are definitely not from here,” said a resident. She was buried on Saturday with some parts still missing. Cops said they are worried that ritual killers are targeting Springs and neighbouring areas. Captain Johannes Ramphora said a case of attempted murder was opened and the cops are looking for the suspect. Anyone with information is asked to contact 08600 10111.