AFTER a two-week break, the MultiChoice Diski Challenge (MDC) teams return to action this weekend. The Absa Premiership reserve league has been a valuable feeder for first teams since it was established and the current run is now on match four of a total of 15. The MDC squads head into this weekend’s fixtures with Cape Town City FC leading the pack after winning all three their games, earning them nine points. The Citizens reserves have been outstanding, scoring 10 goals and conceding only one in three games. Coaches always have differing opinions about forced breaks during the campaign and it remains to be seen whether Rayaan Jacobs’ charges can build on their impressive start. The Young Citizens will resume their MDC campaign with a fixture against struggling Bidvest Wits at Bidvest Stadium on Saturday (10am). Jacobs, who started last season coaching Orlando Pirates’ MDC team before joining City, says he has warned his players about struggling Wits. “We have a group of young, hungry players. They are eager for action, so I don’t think the break will have had any negative impact on us. Our opponents have not been getting results but that does not mean we should take them lightly. There’s no easy team in the MDC – all the youngsters want to blow up, so they will do anything to get a result. “Our target is to finish as high as possible in the standings, improving on last season.” Maritzburg United’s MDC side, known for producing talent such as Bandile Shandu and Siphesihle Ndlovu, are at the foot of the log table, struggling to make any inroads – just like the first team. They are enduring some tough times and have not won a match this season, conceding nine goals in three games against Chippa United, Mamelodi Sundowns and Cape Town City. Maritzburg will hope to dust off the cobwebs and shock the tournament’s two-time champions Golden Arrows when the teams clash at Harry Gwala Stadium on Sunday (10am). Meanwhile, David Notoane’s Mamelodi Sundowns reserves will host Baroka FC at the TUT Stadium on Saturday (10am).