THE NEWS that Hip Hop Pantsula has died stunned the music world as well as his thousands of fans. The death of the rapper from Mahikeng has left a gap that will be difficult to fill. HHP spoke freely about his depression and his attempts to take his own life. The man who wowed music fans with hits such as Harambe, Bosso and Tswaka was found at his house in Joburg by his helper. It is believed he took his own life. This comes a few months after the death of another popular rapper, Pro, whose real name was Linda Mkhize. Jabulani Tsambo (38), known as the Motswako Originator, enjoyed a successful musical career and paved the way for fellow motswako artists Khuli Chana, Cassper Nyovest, Fifi Cooper and Mo Molemi. HHP made the phrase Maf-town popular, which he regularly mentioned in his music, referring to his home town of Mahikeng. Sources close to HHP said he suffered in the dark alone, and many were worried as he began avoiding his close friends in recent years. “I guess those were signs but we ignored them. We all thought he was just busy with work,” said a close friend, who added that his last days appeared happy and that HHP was handing out life lessons. “I really thought he was together. Even at ProKid’s funeral he was in high spirits. He told me to keep my personal business personal from Jozi people because they were never happy for anyone else. “He found comfort in writing his music. He was bragging about how good his upcoming project would be, how personal, honest and deep, because he has been spending time on the lyrics.” Another close friend said although he was separated from his wife Lerato Sengadi, they were friendly. “The was no bad blood between them. Their separation was amicable.” His wife Lerato declined to comment. “I can’t talk right now,” she said before ending the call. HHP has worked with Proverb, Cassper Nyovest, Danny K, Liquideep, Amerie, Nuru and Omar Hunter, to name just a few. In 2007, he was honoured in Mahikeng with an inaugural Mahikeng Golden Stars Award. Twice he successfully hosted the South African Music Awards. Called for comment, an emotional Cassper, who was a close friend and HHP’s protege, said he could not speak at the moment. A few weeks ago, the two shared the stage at the Pop Bottles X Birthday held at The Grand Arena, Nasrec, in Joburg.