DOES porn encourage negative effects on the safety of
women and contribute to their abuse by men? There are still many different views on porn, with some
pointing out that it can actually have a positive effect in relationships where
partners have different sex drives, for example. There are also many kinds of porn, not all of which show
women in degraded sexual situations. “Feminist” porn, for example, often
features storylines, and only shows contracted, paid adults having consensual
sex. But there’s a growing outcry internationally against the
negativity towards women being caused by porn, with many saying the internet is
to blame for making it so easily accessible. One 2015 study in America showed that 30% of all data
transferred online is porn. It is estimated that 70% of men consume porn
compared to 30% of women. Britain this week became the most recent country to try
to get to grips with the impact porn is having on society. A Women and Equalities report was presented in Britain’s
parliament on Tuesday, the Sun is reporting. The report contained some very serious claims about the
harmful contribution porn makes to women’s experience in society. It says there
is evidence that men who watch it are far “more likely to hold sexist attitudes
and be sexually aggressive towards women”. Women and girls in public spaces were “routinely and sometimes
relentlessly” harassed on the street and in parks, on public transport, in
bars, clubs and universities, and online. Women did not feel safe. They were forced to change the
routes they travel home, take off headphones while running and switch train carriages
to avoid “far reaching” abuse. Surveys have found two thirds of women in Britain had
experienced unwanted sexual attention in public places, like “upskirting”. “Upskirting” is when a filming device like a phone is
secretly placed under a woman’s skirt to film her thighs and bum. As many as 85% of 18 to 24-year-old women and girls had
experienced rape threats and men exposing themselves or groping them, said the
report. Recommendations include banning the watching of porn on
buses and trains, and requiring bars and clubs to take action to prevent
harassment. 