A woman who decided to cover her face in menstrual blood has drawn mixed reactions on social media. Maxinne Bjork, who describes herself as a naturist, has smeared her period blood all over her face and chest to promote ‘acceptance and love’. She posted her photo on Instagram with a long caption. She wrote: Today after a very productive and super fun day, I just came home all emotional with lots on my minds that I just pushed aside because I didn't have space to deal with it in the moment. "I sat down and did some deep breathing, and suddenly felt a strong urge to cover myself in my life-giving fluids as a woman. "So, without really thinking of why or anything else, I just did. "Smudged it out all over my body and then rolled around naked on the grass in my garden all covered in my menstrual blood. Smelled the earth and started crying intensely. "Both from happiness and sadness. After some crying I started laughing instead. I’m so happy to have my mum in my life, we both help each other to get through some rollercoasters. The family situation we are in right now is just very draining. But that’s life. And exactly how it is supposed to be in this moment. Accept and love." She is originally from Sweden and is now living in Bali. Her photo attracted more than 3,000 likes, but people also criticised her, branding her “mentally sick” and “disturbed”. The Sun reported that Comments were disabled on the photo, but Maxinne took the time to hit out at her haters in another post. She wrote: “So interesting how people can't accept that we all are different and have different views about life. “I'm not telling people to think like me, but with my actions I want to express to people to listen to their hearts and do what feels right for them even though it doesn't fit the norm. “And that's why I even use social media, I want to spread how I live, so people can be inspired to dare to live how they want to live. “I'm not trying to change any one, be you! And bad comments that I'm mentally sick doesn't really affect me. “Maybe I am? But oh my, how great it feels to be mentally disturbed then I love my life!” With comments enabled, people both praised her period post and questioned her. Maxinne is not the first woman to paint her face with her period blood. Earlier this year, Australian healer Yazmina Jade (26) said she was trying to get out to the world when she painted her face with her period blood and posted it on social media. WATCH: WOMAN PUTS PERIOD BLOOD ON HER FACE!  Today after a very productive and super fun day, I just came home all emotional with lots on my minds that I just pushed a side cause I didn't have space to deal with it in the moment. I sat down and did some deep breathing, and all of a sudden felt a strong urge to cover myself in my life-giving fluids as a woman. So without really thinking of why or anything else, I just did. Smudged it out all over my body and then rolled around naked on the grass in my garden all covered in my menstrual blood. Smelled the earth and started crying intensely. Both from happiness and sadness. After some crying I started laughing instead. I’m so happy to have my mum in my life, we both help each other to get through some rollercoasters. The family situation we are in right now is just very draining. But thats life. And exactly how it is suppose to be in this moment. Accept and love ? A post shared by  Maxinne Björk (@maxinnebjork) on Oct 26, 2018 at 2:37am PDT 