IT APPEARS the past is back to haunt controversial striker Tendai Ndoro. Ndoro signed with Highlands Park last week, four months after he quit Ajax Cape Town. But he won’t be playing for the Lions of the North anytime soon, as he is still serving a two-match ban arising from the court ruling that relegated Ajax from the PSL in May. The Urban Warriors are now campaigning in the First National Division as a result of losing league points for fielding the ineligible Ndoro last season. Highlands face another huge challenge in their ongoing struggle to find their feet in the Absa Premiership, when they tackle Kaizer Chiefs at the SOLD-OUT Makhulong Stadium tonight (7.30pm).“Ndoro is out for the Chiefs game,” Highlands boss Sinky “Twalaza” Mnisi confirmed. “We’ve signed him but haven’t completed his registration with the PSL. It should be completed today.“However, he was given a two-match ban as part of the ruling in the Ajax versus PSL matter.”Highlands could really do with Ndoro’s services at the moment, as they badly need points to improve on their slow league start.They have only registered one win, losing another and drawing most of their matches (4).“It’s payback time!” Mnisi exclaimed.“Chiefs owe us big time. We still remember how they got a dubious penalty when we last played them. The 1-0 loss contributed to our demise. A draw would have saved us from relegation. That point cost us our league status.“We have a score to settle and I can’t wait for them to arrive at the Lion’s Den. If I were a player, I’d be fired up for this match.”Amakhosi have hit some fantastic form, winning three matches on the trot.But Mnisi is not fazed by Chiefs’ rich vein of form, which has produced eight goals in three matches.“They say they are a running team, they are on form. It is only when they have succeeded at Makhulong that they can say they say they’re on form.”Captain Fantastic Mothobi Mvala is expected to spearhead the Highlands attack.He scored a brace in the 2-1 win against Golden Arrows in their last league match. 