FREE State Stars may not have a big budget or abundant resources. But what they lack in financial muscle, they make up for with big hearts and a competitive spirit. “I checked on the transfer market the other day, Stars were down, fourth on the list. We don’t have a big budget but can certainly compete with Bidvest Wits, who have depth,” said Stars coach Luc Eymael. “Who can compare our depth to that of Wits? It’s impossible. “But with the players we have, who can compete?” Ea Lla Koto square up against Wits in their Telkom Knockout Last 16 fixture at Grobler Park on Saturday (3pm). “I think the PSL and the league in Egypt are the most balanced. Anyone can beat anyone,” said the well-travelled coach. “A cup draw against a team in top form this season is always tough. But we have a good track record at home and I hope we can continue this way on Saturday. “You know, when you win a cup, you write the history of the club. We won the club’s first trophy (Nedbank Cup) in 24 years. It was fantastic. “It was my sixth trophy in Africa in eight years. I’m sure my players will be motivated to go for this one as well.” Eymael admitted, however, that Stars’ sluggish start to the season didn’t inspire much hope among fans. But in the same breath he explained that the poor start was mainly due to the departure of key players. He also laments the fact that the new players haven’t hit the ground running, in reference to the likes of Eleazar Rodgers, who hardly played at former club Wits last season. But you can trust the Belgian tactician to psyche up his players for the battle against the Students, particularly the youngsters such as Linda Bhengu, who has just been promoted to the senior team. Then there are the war horses such Patrick Phungwayo and Makhehleni Makhaula, the battle-hardened Paulus Masehe and marksmen Sinethemba Jantjie and Harris Tchilimbou. Said Eymael: “I believe my boys will have the right mentality, as they showed in the Nedbank Cup. “Let’s hope we will have a good game, a good result at home. It will be 90 minutes of intense football, a game which will possibly go to extra time. “But you also need a bit of luck in cup competition.” Eymael added the league remained vital to him. “We didn’t start well, but it’s better to start low and finish high than to have it the other way round.”