ROAD running queen Glenrose Xaba cut an indifferent figure after crossing the finish line of the Joburg Spar 10km Women’s Challenge yesterday. She ended fourth behind winner Irvette van Zyl, second-placed Gerda Steyn and Kesa Molotsane in the last of the five Grand Prix series races at Marks Park Sports Club. But the 23-year-old Boxer club runner didn’t quite know whether to celebrate her achievement as she still has wait for an official announcement about the overall Grand Prix standings. As things stand, Xaba is this year’s winner, as she led the overall standings with 87 points prior to yesterday’s race. But she cannot claim her crown until the Athletics South Africa (ASA) council comes to a decision at its meeting on Saturday. This strange situation is a result of the drama that unfolded at the Pietermaritzburg race, where five runners were disqualified for taking the wrong route. For now, though, Xaba is the provisional winner. “I aimed to finish in the top five and I’m happy I’m still leading the Grand Prix. It’s a dream come true to win the series,” said Xaba after Grand Prix director Ian Laxton had provided some clarity on the standings. “I had a bit of flu but I achieved what I set out to achieve. I wanted to finish the race without any drama. I was 100% fit, I have run sub 34 minutes but as Caster Semenya often says, you can only go as far as your body allows you.” Laxton explained that the final standings would be released once the ASA council had decided on the Pietermaritzburg matter. KwaZulu-Natal Athletics overturned a Jury of Appeal’s decision to disqualify the five and awarded Xaba, along with the other four previously disqualified runners, the points. But another appeal was lodged with ASA, the athletics governing body, and the decision is pending. “Glenrose still leads in the Grand Prix, even if she scores zero from the Pietermaritzburg race,” explained Laxton. “No permutation could take away the Grand Prix win from Glenrose, because even without Pietermaritzburg with her points accumulated today, she would be ahead of everybody. But that’s not the official result. “Provisionally she is the winner. I can’t even tell you who is second or third – it depends on all sorts of stuff. We will release the final standings after the ASA pronouncement.”