The
government has launched a platform that allows citizens to chat with
politicians using the popular messenger app WhatsApp. Known
as GovChat, the portal was launched in September. Govchat
is encouraged by Thousands of users registered and messages received in the
first 48 hours. "We are excited by the growth of our community, this is
considering that GovChat launched without any marketing. In
the first 72 hours govchat saw over 8,000 engagements taking place" said
GovChat CEO, Eldrid Jordaan. Last
week Deputy Minister Andries Nel of Cooperative Governance & Traditional
Affairs (CoGTA), mentioned that an aggressive awareness campaign and rollout
amongst four provinces, namely; Northern Cape, Free State, Western Cape &
KwaZulu Natal in 2018. On
the same day, Minister Ayanda Dlodlo of Public Service & Administration
tweeted her congratulations to Mr Eldrid Jordaan, GovChat’s founder and CEO on
a successful launch. 

 The
Minister was speaking from the Innovation Lab Conference in Singapore. As
part of the launch, Minister Dlodlo invoked significant interest in govchat, by
participants ranging from Minister’s, Public Sector Innovators and Technology
Investors.  At
the 1st Nationals public Service Hackathon sponsored by govchat, Minister
Dlodlo proposed that govchat expands quickly to support the work of the
National Assembly.  Founder
and CEO, Eldrid Jordaan mentioned the importance of not giving up and building
with purpose.  “Innovative
partnerships that take our context and lived experiences into account will be
the winners at the end of the day.  “We
are grateful for the fantastic partners that we have, not only in government,
but private sector as well. As an African platform, built for Africans, by
Africans we see the benefit of working closely with partners and appreciate the
support from both Minister Ayanda Dlodo and Deputy Minister Andries Nel for
believing in the power of transformative African technology.    The
govchat platform has three citizen facing components.   - Rate and Report the quality of service and facilities
across 30,000 public facilities and services in communities nationwide.- Submitting service requests directly to the appropriate unit at the right
right municipality. - Giving to your community allowing for aggregating
donations in communities for partners to help the vulnerable. Chief Data Officer Goitse Konopi, discussed the
importance of data driven decision-making; “govchat as a tool that helps
government to seamlessly disaggregate data and to ask the right questions with
the right context. Instead of ‘where, why, & how’ issues escalate,
governments across the continent are now able to ask ‘who & what’ is
responsible.  