The 10th annual Buyel’Ekhaya Pan African Festival is once again heating up the festive season in East London with a stellar line-up. Taking place once again at the Buffalo Park Cricket Stadium, the 2018 programme of workshops, fashion, music and culture will be a mega celebration of all things African. The aim of the annual festival is to unite different facets of African art and culture under one roof as everyone returns home for the festive season. With past festivals having been hailed as a mecca of culture, this year’s festival promises to be just as big and hopes to beat last year’s attendance of 22 000 people. This is achieved through a vast programme of activities from the Fashion Development Programme and Artist Development Programme to the culmination point which is the main festival on 16 December 2018. This year’s lineup features the hottest hit makers across a variety of genres as well as legends in other artistic forms such as fashion to make Buyel’Ekhaya an unmissable event for everyone in the city and from across the region. The festival will also host emerging artists in a workshop prior to the festival to inspire a spirit of inclusiveness and pan-African ideals. These emerging artists will also take to the stage during the main festival on 16 December. Fans can also look forward to Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Jonas Gwangwa, Zahara, Dumza Maswana, Busiswa, Shekhinah, Sun-El Musician, Moonchild Sanelly, Sjava, Prince Kaybee and Mobi Dixon. “In 2016, we expanded a two-day programme, closing in on our vision to give full expression to the tenets of culture that form a central part of the African lifestyle, through song, dance and fashion. And this year this is what patrons can expect. There will be a fashion workshop on 12 December at Hemingways Mall at 12 noon. People can apply for the workshop by emailing info@buyelekhaya.co.za,” said founder of Buyel’Ekhaya, Nomahlubi Mazwai. The rising designers who took part in last year’s fashion workshop will showcase their work alongside big-name designers on Friday, 14 December when Gert-Johan Coetzee, Sonwabile Ndamase, Zimbabwe’s Chimanye Nyasha (known as Zuvva) and Linda Sithole show off their creations. Date, ticket and event details are all available below: Fashion Workshop:Wednesday, 12 December 2018Hemingways Mall at 12h00  Fashion Show:Friday, 14 December 2018The Venue, Hemingways MallBuyel’Ekhaya Pan African Festival 16 December 2018Buffalo Park Cricket StadiumTickets: R250.00Available from Shoprite, Checkers and Computicket nationwide. 