Renowned fashion designer, David Tlale closed off the recent installment of African Fashion International’s Joburg Fashion Week with a spectacular show in honour of struggle icon, Nelson Mandela. The show, in partnership with Courvoisier, boasted 100 models in 100 garments as a tribute to Madiba’s centenary celebrations this year. It featured 20 looks from his New York Fashion Week show which David put on in the middle of the streets of Time Square. This was his biggest collection yet, titled Azania, featuring the most sought-after models, celebrity faces and of course, a guest list to rival all other fashion week shows.  With the extraordinary Sky Rink Studios as his event canvas, David showed off his master craftsmanship with sequins, bold black and gold prints, 10 underwear looks, dramatic sculptural pieces and an array of incredible looks which drew inspiration from many aspects of Madiba’s life to create a sartorial masterpiece. He also took the opportunity to pay homage to some other prolific South African struggle icons. The showstopper collection saw warrior women in Toga dresses which paid homage and respect to powerful figures of South Africa’s history, most notably Albertina Sisulu and Winnie Mandela. Quotes from the two women also appeared on a number of the pieces that were featured in the show.  Speaking to the Daily Sun, David said the inspiration behind the collection was simple, a message of hope and possibility. “[Madiba was] a young man born in Qunu, who didn’t know anything about the world; grew up, worked hard and became a president and died as an international icon. And I am saying, if this man can do it, so can I,” said David. From the SkyRink Studios in Marshalltown, downtown Joburg, David reminded everyone how much can be achieved with a little hope and big dreams. This, his 16th year in the fashion business, the show was flurry of celebs with Nigerian superstar, D’Banj as well as Tumi Voster, Savita Mbuli, Refiloe Modiselle, Vusi Nova and Lalla Hirayama all taking to the runway.  House music DJ and producer, Heavy K took to the decks to keep the beats flowing into the night. David said putting on a David Tlale show is no small feat, taking at least five months to put together. “It’s massive, it is a lot of work, it is a lot of effort, and it is a lot of creative processes that go into it. There is a story behind it, there is a narrative that we’re trying to say that being a creative goes beyond just clothes; we represent art,” he said. The designer says he has many plans for the David Tlale brand in the near future.  The showstopper collection from the show will be shown in a number of countries in coming months, including Ghana, Nigeria, Uganda and Morocco. “We’re gonna grow and become bigger, but the global stage is where we play. The secret is being an artist, because you can never confine an artist into one space,” he said. 