PRAYER, discipline and devoting your entire life to Christianity have been hailed as some of the reasons for Siphelele “Shaka” Mthembu successfully converting his penalty kick at the weekend. The 31-year-old striker had to silence a section of fans who booed him when he missed a chance to score in the regulated 120 minutes of football, but proved them wrong during penalty kicks. This is after his club Cape Town City FC and SuperSport United laboured to a goalless draw after 120 minutes of pulsating football in the MTN8 final at Durban Moses Mabhida Stadium, on Saturday. But The Citizens ultimately won it via penalties 4-1 against United who saw two of their players – Bradley Grobler and Dean Furman – miss their kicks. Mthembu, formerly with Free State Stars and Kaizer Chiefs, said being a born-again Christian played a huge role in helping him put the ball past United goalie Ronwen Williams. Their efforts of dethroning United the trophy, which made them R8 million richer, was deservedly a first for Benni McCarthy as head coach and a sweet revenge for the Cape Town outfit who lost 4-2 on penalties to United in the same competition, same venue last year. A somewhat disturbed Mthembu said football fans have never been happy with him ever since he started playing professional football. “But for me criticism is just a motivation,” he said after the match. “I am a spiritual man, so I don’t take this thing (booing) seriously. Sometimes it’s a reflection of your thoughts. I have been there at Moses Mabhida Stadium before with Chiefs, sometimes with Platinum Stars and they were still doing the same thing, so it’s nothing new to me. For me it was all about being focused and get composure when I went to take my spot kick. I called for the blood of Jesus three times then I took the penalty.” Mthembu, who won the Nedbank Cup with FS Stars this year, said his family has been his pillar of strength spiritually and physically, as he had a rough patch in his career despite winning the Wafa Wafa cup three times. “I think all this is credit to God, as I am here to worship Him through my talent,” he added. “My journey scares me a lot, before the game I was crying when I was praying, shaking because the journey was not easy for someone who wants to live a normal life. Sometimes I would drink coffee and say ‘it has been a good journey despite all challenges’.” Now Mthembu has set himself a target of scoring 15 goals for City who will tackle Bidvest Wits in an Absa Premiership match at Cape Town Stadium tomorrow (7.30pm). “It’s possible for me to score 15 goals,” he believes. “However, I will need to double up my efforts. I will even ask for help from the coach (Benni) because I just want to get those goals coming. Once I score them, for me, it would feel like I have reached my target.” 