Tshwane Spartans assistant coach, Mandla Mashimbyi, has described young Eastern Cape fast bowler Lutho Sipamla as one of the brightest prospects in South African cricket, saying he has high hopes the 20-year-old will make his mark in the new Mzansi Super League. The inaugural edition of the Twenty20 competition will launch next month with the youngster one of the new names set to light up the competition. He will feature for the Centurion-based side - one of six spanking new city teams playing across six different venues around the country in the MSL T20. Sipamla was the first few rookie to be picked up at the Player Draft held earlier this month and, for good reason too, according to Mashimbyi. “Lutho is probably one of the brightest up and coming youngsters in South Africa at the moment,” he said. “Our coaching staff are very impressed by him.  “It seems he has a good head on his shoulders and we’re looking forward to seeing what he can do.” Sipamla will link up with South Africa’s existing big fast bowling star Lungi Ngidi in the Spartans squad, with the experienced likes of Robbie Frylinck and Rory Kleinveldt around him for support.   The Titans will be led by one of the best cricketers in the world in AB de Villers, while the squad also boasts England limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan and Protea Theunis de Bruyn. “I think we have a good blend of experience and youth,” Mashimbyi explained. “We got a few seasoned campaigners in terms of playing T20 cricket in the various domestic leagues.  “So, we are happy overall with the composition of the squad.  “We were looking mainly for four or five guys to be the core of this team and the rest will serve as the support structure around them. We are happy we got that.” The Spartans, who will be coached by Mark Boucher, made some interesting international signings in all-rounders Jeewan Mendis of Sri Lanka as well as Zimbabwean pair Sean Williams and Sikandar Raza. Mashimbyi explained why they had signed them, adding: “Sikandar Raza, if you can remember him from the qualifying rounds of the 2018 ICC Cricket World Cup Qualifying competition, was the Player of the Tournament. We were looking for an off-spinner that can bat and his name is the one that came up.  “Jeevan is another one. We were looking for a wrist spinner who could bat. He does that with his leggies and he also bats. We saw him in the Abu Dhabi (T20 competition) where he impressed us. “These are players we hope can add value to our squad.”  The Spartans will line-up alongside the Jozi Stars, Durban Heat, Cape Town Blitz, Nelson Mandela Bay Giants and Paarl Rocks in the November 16 to December 16 event. They will travel to Cape Town for the opening game at PPC Newlands. All the matches of the MSL T20 will be broadcast exclusively live by the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) on its television and radio platforms. Meanwhile, Mzansi Super League (MSL) T20 competition prizes were revealed on Tuesday with a R10 million pot of gold up for grabs when the tournament starts from 16 November with the final set for 16 December. The six teams – Cape Town Blitz, Durban Heat, Jozi Stars, Nelson Mandela Bay Giants, Paarl Rocks and Tshwane Spartans – will battle it out for the R7 Million top prize for the inaugural tournament winners with the event runner’s up pocketing R2.5 Million. There is R100, 000 for the MSL T20 Player of the Series with Man of the Match accolades across all matches earning R15, 000 e  