BOXING South Africa’s 2016 Trainer of the Year Mzamo “Chief” Njekanye is hoping to produce a champion when he leads his charge, Siphosethu “Heavy Rain” Mvula, into battle against Prince “The Demon” Dlomo later this month. Njekanye lost his most prized commodity, Azinga “Golden Boy” Fuzile, to Gauteng-based Colin “Nomakanjani” Nathan last month. Fuzile, who holds the International Boxing Federation (IBF) continental Africa junior lightweight belt, was the only champion in the Duncan Village-based boxing stable. The much-loved boxing sensation was the second fighter from Njekanye’s gym to joined Nathan after Xolisani “Nomeva” Ndongeni migrated to the City of Gold three years ago. Mvula will meet Dlomo for the vacant African Boxing Union (ABU) lightweight crown at Orient Theatre on 21 October. Dlomo and Mvula’s bout forms part of the Rumble Africa tournament, where Fuzile will be putting his title on the line against the vastly experienced former world champion, Malcolm “The Stone” Klassen. The East London mentor, who is well known for turning rough diamonds into precious jewels, said he was anticipating an uphill battle against Dlomo but is optimistic about a positive outcome. “We have prepared for a tough encounter and we’re hoping Dlomo will bring his A-game. It is an open secret that when they come down to East London they have to work twice as hard,” said Njekanye. “He is a closed book to us but that is not a problem. One thing we are sure of is that Mvula will be crowned the new champion.” The 24-year-old former junior bantamweight champion. who started boxing under the guidance of Njekanye, reunited with his mentor last July after his defeat at the hands of Innocent Mantengu. Mantengu registered an unanimous points victory to capture the vacant IBF continental Africa title. The ABU championship contest, meanwhile, will give Dlomo the opportunity to prove that he is not struggling with weight in the lightweight division. He failed to make the 61,24kg lightweight weigh limit in his two previous assignments and a third bout against Thompson Mokwana was cancelled due to the same problem.