WHAT a shock, what an embarrassment! Bafana Bafana were held to a goalless draw against lowly-ranked Seychelles in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier at Linite Stadium in Victoria yesterday. The draw against semi-professionals felt like defeat for the South Africans, who blew a golden opportunity to extend their lead to 10 points at the top of Group E. Now Libya, who played Nigeria in the other group fixture last night, are suddenly right back in contention, after their setback on Saturday. The last two matches aren’t going to be a smooth sail for Bafana. At worst, Bafana could have scored at least two goals. Even ONE goal would have sufficed as they needed victory by all means to pull away at the top. This is the team they massacred 6-0 on Saturday and they had no excuse failing to score even away from home. Libya and Nigeria aren’t going to be as lenient as Bafana were against a team of teachers and fishermen. The Seychelles players were high-fiving each other for the job well going into the break, as Bafana wiped sweat off brows with more questions than answers. How Bafana failed to find the breakthrough goal, despite their utter dominance of 75 to 25% of ball possession simply baffles the mind. Chances went begging, Lebo Mothiba unable to finish from Percy Tau’s cross, while Dino Ndlovu sent a low shot inches wide. Beaten black and blue at FNB Stadium, Seychelles treaded carefully this time around. They sat back, absorbed the pressure before threatening with a few chances. Helton Monnaie pushed his way through Buhle Mkhwanazi and Dean Furman to force a cross to Colin Bibi, who couldn’t score. The visitors pushed their bodies behind the ball but still couldn’t break the tight defensive wall. It continued almost in the second half as Mothiba hit the upright from a fine cross from Ndlovu. The France-based striker fluffed another chance before Monnaie caught Itumeleng Khune off his line, but unable to find target. This tie suddenly looked like a real contest as the Pirates gradually grew in confidence, emboldened by their improved performance in the return leg. Failing to penetrate through the shot passes, Bafana used the wings more, Sfiso Hlanti pumping crosses into the box. But there was no getting past or round the defensive wall. This result may come back to haunt Bafana.