 FOOTBALL fever will have the nation firmly in its grasp this weekend - it's Soweto derby time! and the millions at taverns and in front of TVs across the country expect nothing but goals, goals and more goals! Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates renew their rivalry at 3.30pm (kick-off) and goals are what the players have promised, following Amakhosi’s 3-1 thumping by Bucslast time round. Chiefs captain and goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune said the Naturena lads would make amends and scupper the Buccaneers’ victory boat. But Pirates’ players like Vincent Pule, Happy Jele, Xola Mlambo and Justine Shonga could cause a stir by pouncing when least expected. Chiefs coach Giovanni Solinas also has some fearless braves running onto the pitch and the experienced Bernard Parker, Hendrick Ekstein, Gustavo Páez and Ryan Moon are each able to break Pirates fans’ – and players’ – hearts. Solinas and Bucs’ Micho Sredojevic have been playing mind games throughout the week, each hoping to pull a surprise on the other tomorrow. Bucs assistant coach Rhulani Mokwena had some startling comments about Chiefs’ technical bench, something that Solinas and Khune didn’t take lightly. But a calm Solinas said he was looking forward to the special atmosphere of the derby and said it was a privilege to be involved. “The Soweto Derby is a football party,” he said. Meanwhile, Bucs winger Luvuyo Memela is doubtful for the clash while midfielder Musa Nyatama will undergo late fitness tests today. At Chiefs, it is unclear whether Khama Billiat and Leo Castro will be ready in time for action, but Solinas said he wasn’t worried. Overall, the GlamourBoys are still far ahead when it comes Derby stats. The first clash between Chiefs and Pirates took place on 24 January 1970, only 17 days after Amakhosi’s foundation. The Buccaneersgot the bragging rights that time with a 6-4 drubbing. Since then, however, Chiefs have won 67 of the 163 Soweto derbies played thus far. Pirates won 39, while 52 games finished in a draw. All tickets have been sold out and police and security will be super tight to ensure no one slips through. Parking is free with lots of entertainment from 11am, when the stadium gates open.