Former pro-twerker, Faith Nkesti aka Queen Twerk is on a mission to construct the perfect face – and body – for herself. After openly getting a nose job a few months ago as well as butt implants before that, Faith has now undergone a process known as Nonsurgical Jawline contouring. In its simplest form, the process enhance, reshapes and transforms your jawline from what might be an unpleasant one with fat underneath to a perfectly chiseled one. Faith was injected with long lasting dermal filler injections through a technique known as “multi micro-droplet injection” from US-based celebrity cosmetics doctor, Dr. Simon Ourian. The process yields immediate results and has to be taken under local anesthesia, however the results may vary from person to person. Faith’s doctor, Dr. Ourian, who works at Epione, a cosmetic surgery in Beverly Hills, adviced that the injections must only be administered by an experienced provider. “Always consult your healthcare professional for specific advice related to your medical conditions and treatment, including all risks and potential benefits of undergoing this treatment. Only your healthcare professional can assess whether you are an appropriate candidate for this procedure,” he said. He went on to warn people on social media not to fall for fake sites promising the same treatment. “Unfortunately there are some fake sites and pages that claim to be either affiliated with us or put Epione or Simon Ourian on their IG page and other places. For this reason you see “Exclusively at Epione Beverly Hills” to emphasize that we only have one location and offer all these services only at this one location in Beverly Hills,” he warned. Faith has been in America for several weeks now. Her trip started in New York and then moved onto Los Angeles, where she got her jawline done. @simonourianmd1 and guess what? IT LAST FOR 5 years ???????????????????? A post shared by  THEE FAITH NKETSI (@faith.nketsi) on Oct 4, 2018 at 8:28am PDT  Comfy for a 24hr+ flight ?? A post shared by  THEE FAITH NKETSI (@faith.nketsi) on Oct 3, 2018 at 4:05pm PDT  Oh he’s so handsome, what’s his name ?? A post shared by  THEE FAITH NKETSI (@faith.nketsi) on Oct 2, 2018 at 11:13am PDT  I can’t come to LA and not go to @jessicarichcollection ????. ???????????? A post shared by  THEE FAITH NKETSI (@faith.nketsi) on Oct 1, 2018 at 5:20pm PDT  Ok New York is boring now ?? A post shared by  THEE FAITH NKETSI (@faith.nketsi) on Sep 25, 2018 at 1:35pm PDT  I LOVE IT ?? ???????? A post shared by  THEE FAITH NKETSI (@faith.nketsi) on Sep 24, 2018 at 3:14pm PDT   