FOR the past 10 years, it has been a personal playground for two larger-than-life global icons. But neither Cristiano Ronaldo no Lionel Messi will be playing on today when Barcelona and Real Madrid lock horns at the Nou Camp. Kick-off is at 5.15pm. Ronaldo, of course, has departed for Juventus after a nine-year stay in Madrid that yielded 450 goals and 15 trophies, including four Uefa Champions League crowns. And now Messi is absent too, with Barca’s talisman sidelined after breaking his arm in last weekend’s 4-2 victory over Sevilla – a result that sent the reigning champions top of the table and gives them the chance to move seven points clear of struggling Real on Sunday. It will be the first Clasico to feature neither Messi nor Ronaldo since December 2007, when Real triumphed with a solitary goal from Julio Baptista in a game featuring other blasts from the past such as Deco, Gianluca Zambrotta, Gabriel Heinze and Ruud van Nistelrooy. Since then, Messi and Ronaldo have been the brightest of stars in the galaxy of world-class talent that is El Clasico. Messi is the fixture’s all-time leading scorer (26 goals) and assister (14), while Ronaldo holds the record for the most consecutive Clasicos with a goal (six games). So how will Barca cope with Messi’s sudden absence? How will Real overcome their post-Ronaldo hangover? How will the pair’s absence affect the wider pattern of the game? To say that Real are finding it difficult to come to terms with the departures of Ronaldo and equally legendary coach Zinedine Zidane is putting it mildly. Los Blancos have drawn one and lost three of their past four league games, including shock defeats to Alaves and Levante, to drop down to seventh in the table and leave new manager Julen Lopetegui’s position hanging by a thread. The root of their problems is obvious: They have only scored once in those four games, and that came from left-back Marcelo in last weekend’s 2-1 home defeat against Levante. Even the midweek Champions League win over Viktoria Plzen didn’t offer much solace. True, Karim Benzema got on the scoresheet for the first time in nearly two months, but the 2-1 victory – sealed by another goal from Marcelo – was far from convincing, especially in the kind of game they would routinely win by a street when Ronaldo was around. Removing a player who scored at least 40 goals in each of the past eight seasons without adequately replacing him was bound to carry consequences, especially as Ronaldo’s departure was only one part of a gradual but significant thinning of the squad. It has left them with an alarming lack of genuine goalscorers. – BBC