BIDVEST Wits coach Gavin Hunt says he might be forced to reshuffle his defence when Wits tackle Free State Stars in a Telkom Knockout first round match at Goble Park Stadium on Saturday (3.30pm). Hunt is concerned that his key defenders, Sifiso Hlanti, Thulani Hlatshwayo and Buhle Mkhwanazi, could be fatigued after playing 180 minutes of football over a period of four days on national duty. The players added stability in defence to help Bafana Bafana beat Seychelles 6-0 at FNB Stadium on Saturday, while they also helped keeper Itumeleng Khune keep a clean sheet again when the countries drew goalless away. “I will see what we have when other players are back too and I can see in what condition they are. Generally, all over the world you struggle after a Fifa break. “You normally find a lot of upsets, so we have to be careful. We have to defend well when we play away. The fact that Buhle and Tyson played more minutes is something to look at. We’ll see how they feel, but they are professionals.” As if that is not enough, Hunt conducted his training session in Joburg yesterday minus eight key players as the likes of internationals Deon Hotto and Elias Pelembe were only expected to arrive later on the day. “It will be a tough game for us. We beat them in the first round and also last year,” said Hunt. “We have beaten them a few times and they have done the same. “They had enough of a team to train last week and we haven’t – as you can see there are a lot of players away. It does affect how you want to train. There won’t be any preparation, we will just pick a team and go down there on Friday.” Hunt is also worried that if Stars boot them from the competition, his side will get rusty without any competitive action for over a month. “If we get knocked out of Telkom we know it will be a problem because we won’t be playing any football for a month and a half until December. “If we lose in the first round we play one game in November, so it’s important for us to try and get through or it will be difficult.”