South African Entrepreneur and Multimedia Visual Artist, Trevor Stuurman is resplendent on the cover of GQ Style SA magazine’s Vol. 14 issue. The internationally-renowned creative has called this the cover of dreams and it seems like just about everybody agrees. The cover was shot by local Fashion Designer and Creative Director, Rich Mnisi who’s also responsible for creating the cover look. GQ and GQ Style South Africa’s Fashion Director, Rusty Beukes held it down on the styling and creative directing front. Trevor is seen on the Zebra-print illusion cover in a double-breasted Nwa-Mulamula suit by Rich Mnisi and a white felt beret by Crystal Birch. The cover story was written by GQ South Africa’s Editor-in-Chief, Nkosiyati Khumalo whose ground-breaking work at the magazine has brought us the recent incredible GQ covers featuring Black Coffee and Bonang Matheba on the Power Issue. Beauty writer and make-up artist, Zipho Ntloko was responsible for making Trevor look his best, while celebrity photographer, Blaq Smith lent a helping held for the spread. This past Sunday, Trevor’s friends and family gathered at an exclusive unveiling luncheon in Joburg where the cover was revealed. In the cover story, Trevor tells the magazine why photography is so important to him. ‘I have crafted a career that allows me to express myself beyond the title of a photographer,” he said. He went on to say that photography is “a conduit to preserving history and archiving moments in real time. So, I use my work as a vehicle to challenge, re-imagine, and drive change through philanthropic efforts across the continent and the globe”. GQ Style South Africa with Trevor Stuurman on the cover is on stands now. Proud to present the cover of my dreams. GQ Style Vol.14 Spring/Summer 2018/19 on stands tomorrow. Story by: @gqsouthafrica editor @yatikhumalo Shot by creative genius: @therichmnisi wearing @rich_mnisi + @therealcrystalbirch Creative direction and styling: @rustybeukes #GQStyle #StuurmanXGQ A post shared by  Trevor (@trevor_stuurman) on Oct 21, 2018 at 9:30am PDT  One For The Books: GQ Style Vol. 14 Spring/Summer 2018/2019 on stands today. Video by @vinelucas.photography. Styling by @rustybeukes. #StuurmanXGQ A post shared by  Trevor (@trevor_stuurman) on Oct 22, 2018 at 2:30am PDT   