ANOTHER controversial decision left Pitso Mosimane fuming as Mamelodi Sundowns dropped points in a 1-1 league draw with Bidvest Wits at Lucas Moripe Stadium yesterday. The Brazilians have been at the receiving end of some dubious decisions this season, with Wits keeper Darren Keet getting off scot-free on this occasion after handling outside the box. “It’s unbelievable!” said Mosimane afterwards. “When are we going to benefit (from referees’ decisions)? We are losing points. How do you bounce back when goals are disallowed?” Sundowns started slowly as the visitors dominated the opening half. The Brazilians battled to play their game under the baking sun. But they haven’t been playing league-winning football all season so far, have they? They haven’t scored as regularly as last season, although this could be attributed to the change in attack, where the void left by Percy Tau and Khama Billiat has yet to be filled. Finding the right combination is proving a near impossible task for Mosimane. The combination of Toni Silva and Phakamani Mahlambi hasn’t lived up to expectations. Thapelo Morena pulled out of the starting lineup with a hamstring injury, posing a challenge for Bafana Bafana coach Stuart Baxter, whose team reported for duty yesterday ahead of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Seychelles this weekend. Wayne Arendse plugged the gap at right-back, but the defence was shaky, with Wits poking holes early on. Terrence Dzvukamanja crashed a powerful header against the upright after getting to the end of a crisp Thabang Monare cross just minutes into the match. The early momentum saw Simon Murray come close with a header, but Silva let Wits off the hook. Downs were first to score as Kekana blasted in from a rebound following Gaston Sirino’s failed attempt. But Keagan Ritchie silenced the boisterous crowd as he curled in the equaliser from a free kick, beating Onyango. Murray could have added a second, but squandered the chance after getting possession through Tiyani Mabunda’s error.