FOOTBALL is as much a mental game as a physical one, and Micho Sredejovic has managed to boost the mental strength of his Orlando Pirates players.Their 2-1 victory over traditional arch-rivals Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Saturday shows that Bucs players have recovered fully from all the social media criticism and mocking from opposition supporters.Goals by Innocent Maela and Vincent Pule cancelled out Khama Billiat’s debut derby goal for Amakhosi in the first half.Sredejovic’s boys collected the threepoints despite Itumeleng Khune stopping Justin Shonga’s penalty attempt after Augustine Mulenga was fouled inside the box. The 49-year-old Serbian coach said Pirates were a laughing-stock on social media platforms last season, with “everybody making jokes about this respected institution”. Revealed the coach: “We were on a soul-healing mission last year. “Pirates were mocked everywhere. It was a joke. But when I got here, in my first season, I wanted to bring back smiles to the faces of the fans and restore the dignity of the club. “I have done that.” He confessed that he thought Shonga’s missed penalty would break players’ concentration and interest in the game, but they showed their character and got back into the game. “I am proud of my players,” said Sredojevic. “But the derby victory is now in the past. We have to prepare for the cup game against AmaZulu.” He added that he was on a rebuilding mission last year even though fans’ expectations are more geared towards the acquisition of silverware. Even though the former Uganda coach has got the Buccaneers playing beautiful football in the Absa Premiership this season, he still refuses to outline his objectives for the 2018-19 run. He heaped praise on his players’ mental strength in the derby but refused to be drawn on Bucs being championship favourites, as they reduced the gap between themselves and log leaders Bidvest Wits to one point. Bucs lie second with 19 points from 11 matches while Wits have 20 points from 10 games. Wits beat Highlands Park 1-0 on Friday. The Bucs coach said he had warned his players not to get too carried away after winning the match against their biggest rivals. “We have no right to get carried away. We want to focus on each match as it comes,” said Sredojevic. “We will fight for everything on offer as is proper for a big club, but we don’t want to commit ourselves to winning this or that title. “Let’s see at the end of the season where we finish up – for now we don’t want to talk too much about our target.” Pirates visit AmaZulu for their Telkom Knockout quarterfinal clash at Princess Magogo Stadium in KwaMashu on Saturday.