FAIR – but tricky. That, in a nutshell, is what matric candidates in Mzansi thought of their first exam – English one paper – which they sat yesterday. Daily Sun spoke to grade 12s all over SunLand to see how the queen’s language grabbed them this year. - GAUTENG: Thandeka Ntshakala (18) from Almont Technical High in Protea South, Soweto said: “The paper was set in the same way my English teacher sets our class tests, so it was nothing new or shocking. Although question five was tricky, I know that I passed,” she said. - KZN: Sithembile Vezi (21) of Inhlakanipho High School in KwaMashu, north of Durban, said: “I did not manage to answer all the questions, but those I did answer should give me good marks.” Sinenhlanhla Khuse (18), also from Inhlakanipho, said she hoped for 70%. - CAPE TOWN: Phakama High School pupils in Philippi East said they were happy with the paper. “English is the number one subject that counts when you knock on doors to get a job or into university,” they said. Luthando Velem (18) said the paper was peanuts! “I expect 100%,” he said. - FREE STATE: Pupils in Bloemfontein also had an easy time. Technical High School pupil Munawer Hayat (18) said it was “a walk in the park. I did not expect it to be so easy, I was stressing on Monday.” - LIMPOPO: Precious Mokwele (18) from Taxila Secondary School in Nirvana, outside Polokwane, was confident she would get high marks. Mathakga Legodi (17) from Westenburg Secondary School said he was satisfied that he would pass. - EASTERN CAPE: Motherwell High School pupil Sibongile Baba (17) also enjoyed writing the paper. “There were no new questions from what we were taught.” - MPUMALANGA: MEC for Education Sibusiso Malaza yesterday encouraged pupils from Manyangana High School in Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga to continue producing good results. The school obtained a 100% pass rate last year. Malaza said: “If all 155 pupils obtain 100% with bachelor’s degree passes, the department will donate a big fat cow to celebrate!” - NORTH WEST: Grenville High School matric pupils in Rustenburg said the paper was fair. Omphile Phuthi (18) said he hoped to score 70% or more. Tomorrow’s paper is Accounting 1.