AMAZULU’S quest to get back on their feet in the Absa Premiership started with a frustrating goalless draw in the Kwa-Zulu Natal derby against Maritzburg United at the King Zwelithini Stadium last night. Usuthu endured a tough week after they were docked six points by the PSL for misconduct. They will feel that they deserved more against the Team of Choice, but a point is a sign that they are on the right direction as their off the field drama didn’t affect the players or their performance. The only missing thing in their play is scoring goals. On the balance of play Usuthu should have collected three points; but the visitors worked their socks off to force a share of the spoils. Usuthu did well in both first halves but were unable to find a way past the Team of Choice. AmaZulu missed what would have been a winner at the death in a game they dominated. Usuthu played their first game since they were docket six points by the PSL following instructions from Fifa for misconduct last week. They defied an order by the world football governing body for a player dispute. They failed to comply with a ruling to settle Namibian Phineas Nambandi’s contract of more than R1 million since 2014. But Usuthu have confirmed that they will now pay the amount that is required by Fifa after they lost the six points that has seen them move to the bottom of the table and also threatened to relegate them to the lower division if they refuse to settle the matter. They are now desperate for points to make up lost ground. AmaZulu lost 2-0 to Kaizer Chiefs in their last game at the FNB Stadium, while United registered their first league win of the season with a 1-0 win against Bloemfontein Celtic. Usuthu have beaten the Team of Choice once in nine games at home and their recent win came in 2010, while United have beaten AmaZulu five times away from home with their last win coming in 2-15. The Team of Choice had a goal cleared off the line in the first half when their Ivorian forward Yannnick Zakri was denied in the early stages of the first half. Usuthu dominated in possession and were unlucky not to have won the game. They need points but for that to happen to they have to start wearing the goal scoring boots.