Beauty queen turned TV personality, Zizo Tshwete has let fans in on what the possession she values most in her life is. The former Selimathunzi presenter says she is not one to attach too much value to her possessions but often gets asked what her most prized possession is. And for many years she didn’t have an answer to this question, until now. Zizo says that nothing she owns means more to her than the Bible she received from her father when she was a little girl in primary school. “He wanted me to always be able to have my own direct line to God. This special gift from him has seen me through the many seasons of my life,” she said. Her Bible has been with her through her youth TV presenting days, her Miss SA Teen days and even into her adult life. Zizo said all the tape on it is evidence of how long she’s had it and how much she has used it. “I was having my praise and worship this morning before my devotion time and felt so compelled (Holy Spirit led) to share just how hard it can be for us to speak about our relationship with God,” she said. She said that people might find it difficult to speak about their relationship with God because they fear what other people might have to say about them. The mother of two said that she often has fears that people will think that she is acting holier than thou. “But the thing about God, which I have learnt is that He wants you as imperfect as you are. His Grace and Mercy are more than sufficient for the biggest mistakes you have ever made. He just wants to love you. That can be hard to accept when we live in a world full of judgement,” she continued. She went on to say that we have to make the conscious decision to remind ourselves that “identity is found in Him and not in the number of likes or comments on social media platforms”. “And the reason I am sharing today is that I have found such strength from other men and women of God who have had the courage to be used by Him. I am so excited about the things that God is doing in my life. I want to be able to share them freely - as freely as we are all able to post our holiday pictures. I am committing to starting a journey that has made me so nervous in the past but won’t anymore,” she ended. Anybody who knows me well knows that the most difficult question for to answer is: What is my most prized possession? I am not a person who cares much for THINGS. I can of course appreciate them, but I don’t have an inventory of my ‘most prized possessions’. I gave it some thought and I now have the answer to that question: This Bible that my Tata gave to me in primary school. ??He wanted me to always be able to have my own direct line to God. This special gift from him has seen me through the many seasons of my life! You will see how many times I have taped it up - our son VK wanted to also have a closer look at the book of Genesis ?? I was having my praise and worship this morning before my devotion time. (@drtumisang - Gathering of Worshipers and Heart of a King, @ntokozombambo - Filled, @kellykhumalo - Jehova, @oasisworshipsa @khayamthetwa - All about Jesus) and felt so compelled(Holy Spirit led) to share just how hard it can be for us to speak about our relationship with God. “Person 1” will think this or that about me etc. For me, many times it has been because I know exactly how imperfect I am, how many mistakes I have made and still fall short in someway every day. In my mind often it is the fear that people will think I’m making myself some sort of saint which I am not. But the thing about God, which I have learnt is that He wants you as imperfect as you are. His Grace and Mercy are more than sufficient for the biggest mistakes you have ever made. He just wants to love you. That can be hard to accept when we live in a world full of judgement. Every day I am making a conscious decision to remind myself that my identity is found in Him and not in the number of likes or comments on any social media platform. And the reason I am sharing today is that I have found such strength from other men and women of God who have had the courage to be used by Him. I am so excited about the things that God is doing in my life. I want to be able to share them freely - as freely as we are all able to post our holiday pictures ?? I am committing to starting a journey that has made me so nervous in the past but won’t anymore. Will update you if you’d like to join me. ?? A post shared by  ZizoTshwete (@zizotshwete) on Oct 18, 2018 at 12:29am PDT   