THE battle lines are drawn between Caster Semenya and the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) over the implementation of new rules that could effectively land a blow to the star athlete’s career. The proposed “Eligibility Regulations for Female Classification (Athletes with Differences of Sex Development), are due to come into effect on 1 November. Under the new IAAF rule, some women with naturally high testosterone levels will have to race against men or change events unless they take medication. The rule has attracted unprecedented criticism from a broad spectrum of commentators. Following the announcement that the regulations have been adopted, Prof Steve Cornelius, head of the University of Pretoria’s department of private law, resigned from his position on the IAAF disciplinary tribunal in protest. Canadian and British athletics officials also questioned the prudence of the new regulations. Despite the widespread condemnation, there is still no indication that the IAAF will withdraw or suspend the regulations. The athletics body has remained defiant in spite of legal challenges launched by Athletics SA and Semenya. But the rules are widely seen to be targeting certain women, among them the Olympic 800m and world champion. For this reason Sports and Recreation SA and the Centre for Sports Law in Africa will host a conference on eligibility to participate in women’s sport at UP-Tuks Sports Centre on 11 and 12 October. Some of the world’s leading sports law experts will be giving their views on the matter. The regulations will require that athletes in track events ranging from the 400m to the mile and 400m hurdles, must ensure that their testosterone levels remain below a certain threshold. Since then, Athlete Ally and the Women’s Sports Foundation have petitioned the IAAF to reconsider its stance on hyperandrogenism. Most recently, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health expressed concern about the regulations and called on the IAAF to provide clarification on various human rights issues raised by the regulations.