WHEN Mmatsatsi Maleka found a boyfriend three months ago, she was over the moon. But little did she know her life would soon come to a brutal end. On Thursday, her decomposing body was found with the punani, breasts and tongue missing! When the 28-year-old from extension 10 of Kanana in Hammanskraal, Tshwane, went missing 10 days ago, her family asked her lover where she was. He claimed he had no idea. However, residents were suspicious and beat him until he allegedly confessed to killing Mmatsatsi for muthi. Residents said the suspect even told them where he had dumped the body. Community members claimed the suspect told them he and a friend had sold Mmatsatsi’s breasts, punani and tongue to a woman who had promised to pay them R50 000. They allegedly took Mmatsatsi’s body to the woman’s house after killing her and the woman cut off the parts herself. They then took the body away and dumped it. The suspect apparently led residents to the bush, where they found Mmatsatsi’s rotting body tied up. They later burned a shack belonging to the alleged buyer. Mmatsatsi’s mum Letti (53) said she left home two weeks ago, saying she was going to visit her boyfriend. She said the whole family was very shocked when it emerged that her boyfriend was the alleged killer. “I couldn’t even go and see her but what residents described to me has scarred me and broken by heart. My daughter was brutally killed,” she said. Letti claimed the boyfriend said he had murdered other people in the past for the woman. Mmatsatsi’s friend Veronica Tshabangu (25) described her as a beautiful and happy soul. “She didn’t deserve to be killed. Nobody does. These people deserve to rot in jail,” she said. Residents said other women had previously gone missing in the area and were never found. “This means this woman has been getting her riches from women’s private parts,” said one community member. Police spokeswoman Sergeant Margaret Molane said the boyfriend and his friend were arrested on Thursday. “A case of murder was opened and the two will appear in court soon,” she said. The woman accused of buying body parts from the two suspects is still at large.