SEXTING can be a wonderful way to arouse someone you’re
sexually interested in, but it also carries some real risks. Sexting involves sending sexy kinds of content via
technology like cellphones. It could include anything from raunchy words to
full-on porn. Michelle Drouin of Indiana University-Purdue University
Fort Wayne in America has been studying the impact of computer technology on
relationships. She told PsyPost, a psychology website: “People may be motivated
to send sexually-explicit picture or video messages to their romantic partner
because they think it is fun or flirtatious or they want to please their
partners.” But sexting also has its risks, and many a life has been
totally ruined by sending the wrong thing to the wrong person. So avoid destroying your own life through public
humiliation or jail time by following the rules below. 1. Will the person
want the sext? Make sure before you send your sexy text that the person
you intend sending it to would welcome such an image. If the person is really turned off by what you sent and
didn’t ask for it, he or she could bust you for sexual harassment. 2. Never send
sexual images of kids If you send material of people under 18 engaged in sexual
activities, you’re breaking the law. Get bust for distributing child
pornography and you could do jail time. 3. Hide your face If the sext is of you engaged with steamy activities,
future-proof it by hiding your face. You may be totally confident of the mutual
desire and respect when you send your sext, but later down the line it can
become seriously compromising material used to really hurt you. Making sure
your face is hidden will save you from the possibility of your sexy material
being used as revenge porn or for slut shaming at a later date. 4. Mix it up There’s a lot more to sexting than sending endless images
of punanis or erect 4-5s. Take some care with the visuals you’re taking, finding
interesting angles and lighting. Take it slow, slow, slow. Start with some wickedly sexy
words. Later send sexy emojis, like an eggplant and a peach. Later still move
on to a suggestive pic of your cleavage. Remember options like a foxy voice
message. Teasing slowly like that can really make someone wild.