PITSO Mosimane will be among the keen spectators at FNB Stadium when Bafana Bafana tackle Seychelles in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier on Saturday. A patriot through and through, the Mamelodi Sundowns coach reckons Bafana have no business losing to the “whipping boys” Seychelles in their Group E fixture. Sundowns have contributed as many as eight players to Bafana (before Thapelo Morena and Sibusiso Vilakazi withdrew through injury). “I told the boys (Sundowns players) we want the team in the Africa Cup of Nations!” said Mosimane. “We have the two games against Seychelles. There are about six people in the Bafana squad who’ve played against St Michel in the Champions League, and they’re the best team on the island. “There were no problems. We hammered them. 85% of St Michel’s players are in the national team. So Bafana have to deliver results in the two games. They have no excuse.” Mosimane, a big fan of continental football, was sacked as Bafana coach following the team’s draw with Ethiopia in a 2014 World Cup qualifier. But later he made up for any perceived shortcomings when he guided Sundowns to Caf Champions League glory, prompting calls for his return to the national team fold. Current Bafana coach Stuart Baxter is in a similar situation as Mosimane was back in 2012, facing the challenge of ensuring Bafana qualify for the tournament in Cameroon next June. Apart from Seychelles, their opponents in back-to-back qualifiers, Bafana still have to contend with tricky Libya and Nigeria. It’s effectively a three-horse race in the group, the other two sides having already collected points against lowly Seychelles. This means South Africa can’t afford to drop any points against the Indian Ocean islanders. “They have to ensure we have six points extra by the time we go to Libya, probably win (against Libya) or maybe get a draw, as long as Libya don’t beat us.” And Nigeria? “We don’t care about whether we have to play Nigeria first. We have to play our cards right. We play in the Champions League (SA teams). We know how the group works. We have to be smart and not emotional. “Let the country go to the Africa Cup of Nations!”