Actress, Simphiwe ‘Simz’ Ngema, who was married to late actor and musician Dumi Masilela is finally ready to release Dumi’s album. Simz recently announced that the album was finally complete and ready for the release. The album, titled Yena, will be a collection of some of Dumi’s best musical works. “Today is a difficult day but I choose to focus on the positive. I’ve finally finished Dumi’s album. It’s been a difficult journey but it’s done! Look out for album launch and release dates. Uphushiwe is still out on iTunes and all digital platforms,” she said after completing the album earlier this month. Simz released the single Uphushiwe a few weeks ago and fans are just loving it. The song was written for and about Simz, and speaks about the time he sent his uncles to his girlfriend’s home to start the lobola negotiations. He sang the song at their traditional wedding. Now that the album is finally complete, Simz is giving fans sneak peaks of what to expect when it finally drops by posting sweet videos of herself and Dumi singing along to the songs. “There are stories behind all your songs and I just realized I’m in all of them. Almost time to release his music,” she said in one post and “Doing it without you is tough but I’m doing it anyway,” she said in another. In another post, Simz expressed her sadness at the fact that Dumi never got to perform Uphushiwe for anyone else. “Tonight is a difficult night, I go to bed with so many questions, my heart is heavy but this is how it was meant to happen. You were meant to perform this song just for me. My memory still loves you,” she said. So far, Simz has revealed five names of the songs that will be on the album, namely: Shonaphansi, Ungasabi, Diphiri, Dream, and of course Uphushiwe. “One day I woke up and realised that your dreams were my dreams too. I’m gonna make this happen. I hope you guys are ready for #Yena,” she said. Uphushiwe is available all digital streaming platforms. There are stories behind all your songs and I just realised I’m in all of them. #eternalcrush?? almost time to release his music. #bittersweetfeeling #Uphushiwe A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Aug 16, 2018 at 4:57am PDT  Doing it without you is tough but I’m doing it anyway. #UPhushiwe #comingsoon A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Aug 27, 2018 at 2:26am PDT  Tonight is a difficult night, I go to bed with so many questions, my heart is heavy but this is how it was meant to happen. You were meant to perform this song just for me. My memory still loves you. #foreverandalways #eternalcrush #Uphushiwe A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Sep 18, 2018 at 2:20pm PDT  Today is a difficult day but I choose to focus on the positive. I’ve finally finished Dumi’s album. It’s been a difficult journey but it’s done! Look out for album launch and release dates. #uphushiwe is still out on iTunes and all digital platforms A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Oct 8, 2018 at 2:17am PDT  Songs you might know that are in Dumi’s album. 1. Shonaphansi A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Oct 17, 2018 at 1:30am PDT  Songs you might know that are in Dumi’s album 2. Ungasabi A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Oct 17, 2018 at 1:33am PDT  Songs you might know that are in Dumi’s album 3. Diphiri A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Oct 17, 2018 at 1:46am PDT  Songs you might know that are in Dumi’s album 4. Uphushiwe A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Oct 17, 2018 at 1:46am PDT  Songs you might know that are in Dumi’s album 5. Dream A post shared by  Simphiwe Ngema (@simzngema) on Oct 17, 2018 at 1:52am PDT   