AS TECHNOLOGY develops, not only is it more difficult for ordinary people to understand what’s happening but lawyers aim to make working on machines sold by corporations difficult or illegal. This means that everyday people cannot fix or modify what they own. It will make jobs like panel beating and vehicle maintenance illegal for the person on the street. But an international movement called Right to Repair seeks to fight corporations and make it a right for people to do what they want to objects they own. The high unemployment in Mzansi is seeing more and more people open more and more vehicle repair workshops. This is a good sign of economic growth but if stronger copyright laws force them to shut, then there’s a problem. Gunther Schmitz, chairman of Right to Repair South Africa said “Exclusionary practices are shutting small businesses down. At this rate workshops will not be allowed to service vehicles within five years.” Pieter Niemand, director of the Motor Industry Workshop Association, said: “From July 2016 to August this year, a total of 520 workshops became workshop association members. This includes more than 230 black-owned workshops. “This is encouraging as the majority of our members are small businesses but the threat of regulation poses a huge challenge.” Sisa Mbangxa, chairman of the African Panel beaters and Motor Mechanics Association, said: “Over the years, the number of businesses in the vehicle repair sector increased immensely. “But they can’t work on vehicles under warranty or some kinds of insurance. “They can’t work on government vehicles due to red tape, monopolies and unfair competition. The Right to Repair movement allows economically disadvantaged artisans or workshops to compete against established businesses. Schmitz said: “At the moment, aftermarket repairers are denied access to codes, tools, information and parts. Access to the accreditation needed by people to join the original equipment manufacturers aftermarket services is too expensive. This inhibits business development and the South African economy needs to focus on business first. “The Right to Repair movement lobbies government for the needs of grassroots workshops.”