Local TV and radio personality, Thando ‘Thabooty’ Thabethe has cleared the confusion surrounding those images of her in her graduation regalia. Fans went crazy went the pictures of Thabooty in a gown surfaced on her Instagram, with many congratulating her for the achievement. However, this was definitely not her graduation ceremony. In fact, it has been seven years since Thando graduated. “I graduated a Bcom Accounting in 2011 so no this is not my graduation... this was me last night at my high school valedictory as the class of 2018 prepare for their finals and the beginning of the rest of their live,” she said. Thando was simply chosen to give a commencement speech at her former school, Mondeor High School, in Johannesburg. The actress said the moment was a great honour for her and reminded her of when she was in matric facing life after high school. “I remember my Valedictory like it was yesterday, and how me speaking at this event one day would be one of my milestones. We all have a story to tell, we all could potentially shape a life through it... and if I moved just ONE matriculant, IT IS WELL,” she said. She also got to hang out with her former Biology teacher, whom she says she was “obsessed” with. Thabooty wished all the matriculants, who started their final exams today, the very best for their future. “All the best to every one of you! Your dreams are valid! EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM! Keep your feet on the ground but let your heart soar as high as it will! Refuse to be average,” she advised them. Ps. I graduated a Bcom Accounting in 2011 so no this is not my graduation... this was me last night at my high school valedictory as the class of 2018 prepare for their finals and the beginning of the rest of their lives...all the best to every one of you!!! Your dreams are valid!!! EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM ???????????? keep your feet on the ground but let your heart soar as high as it will!!! Refuse to be average A post shared by  Thando Thabooty Thabethe (@thando_thabethe) on Oct 12, 2018 at 4:07am PDT    Last night I had the great honor of sharing my story with my old high school, Mondeor high school, class of 2018. I remember my Valedictory like it was yesterday, and how me speaking at this event one day would be one of my milestones. We all have a story to tell, we all could potentially shape a life through it... and if I moved just ONE matriculant, IT IS WELL ????????? A post shared by  Thando Thabooty Thabethe (@thando_thabethe) on Oct 11, 2018 at 10:49pm PDT  This is my Biology teacher!!! I was borderline OBSESSED with her, last night she looked JUST like she looked in 2003 when I was in grade 8 ?? A post shared by  Thando Thabooty Thabethe (@thando_thabethe) on Oct 11, 2018 at 10:51pm PDT   