TSOTSIS have found a new way to make money. And cops want people, especially motorists, to be aware. These tsotsis target people whose cars have been stolen. Tshwane cops say there is a person who impersonates a police
officer by phoning victims whose vehicles were stolen. He informs them that the police have recovered their
vehicles. “The owner of the vehicle is then requested to make a
payment into an account, which is needed for the SAPS pound to release the
vehicle or to get the vehicle back from another province. “After the payment is made the so-called police officer can
no longer be traced and his phone number is no longer working. “Sometimes the so-called “police officer” even asks for
airtime, for him to phone the complainant back when all the arrangements have
been finalized,” said Captain Colette Weilbach. Several such cases of fraud were reported at police stations
within the Tshwane Central Cluster (Brooklyn, Garsfontein, Lyttelton, Pretoria
Moot, Villieria, Sunnyside and Silverton). The SAPS is busy with an investigation and are doing
everything in their power to get to the bottom of this, especially to establish
how the person obtained personal details of the complainants and their stolen
vehicles. In the latest incident a 43-year-old Garsfontein man
received a call from a person who alleged that he is investigating the theft of
his motor vehicle. The vehicle was reported stolen in the Brooklyn policing
precinct earlier this month. The so called investigating officer asked a few questions
about the vehicle such as whether the vehicle was fitted with any tracking devices. The complainant was surprised because all that information
was mentioned in his statement. The next day the alleged investigating officer phoned back
with so-called good news that the vehicle was recovered in Limpopo. He asked the complainant to deposit an amount of R1 500
with e-wallet so that the vehicle can be brought back to Pretoria. The vigilant vehicle owner suspected foul play and reported
a fraud case at the Brooklyn police station for further information. “When vehicles are recovered, the owner must go to the SAPS
pound in person with personal documents and vehicle registration papers as
proof. “No payments are required at police pounds or at police
stations to get stolen vehicles back. The owner can also appoint an insurance
company to collect the vehicle from the pound on their behalf if there are any
damages to the vehicle,” said Weilbach. People are urged to report any suspicious persons, vehicles
(especially ones without number plates) or circumstances to the police
immediately by phoning the 10111 emergency-number. Information with regards to
crime can be given to the police anonymously by phoning Crime Stop at 08600
10111 or by sending an SMS to Crime Line at 32211.