THERE are so many funny stories about things done by people who are high on zol. Over and above, it seems zol smokers have a habit of placing things and forgetting completely where they had put them. Sometimes they say that if the electricity goes off, Zol smokers can light a candle, put it in a fridge, close the fridge door and then start searching the whole house for the same candle. Well, this might not come as a surprise because research has found that people who don't smoke zol have better use of their memories than those who do. It says that young men who gave up zol scored much better in memory tests afterwards. Researchers in Boston followed 88 men aged 16-25 who smoked marijuana at least once a week. Some cut down, others quit completely, in the first study to measure the effects of marijuana on memory over time. Those who quit scored much better on memory tests within a week. It adds to evidence the drug's psychoactive chemicals reduces young people's IQ by damaging their brain but can be reversed if they just say no. Lead author clinical psychologist Dr Randi Schuster told Daily Mail: 'The ability to learn or 'map down' new information, which is a critical facet of success in the classroom,improved with those who stopped using zol. 'Young cannabis users who stop regular - weekly or more - use may be better equipped to learn efficiently and therefore better positioned for academic success. 'We can confidently say these findings strongly suggest abstaining from cannabis helps young people learn, while continuing cannabis use may interfere with the learning process.' The analysis published in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry identified measurable improvement in vital memory functions among the participants. It is one of the first to track over time changes in cognition associated with halting cannabis use. A 2016 study from the same research team found that cannabis users aged 16 and under had difficulty learning new information - a problem that was not observed in over-16s. The current research is the first to determine not only whether cognitive improvement occurs but also when during abstinence this improvement is detectable. The participants were picked at random for either behavior that took into account pre drug learning abilities, mood, cognition and motivation, and the frequency and intensity of cannabis use. Regular assessments of their thinking and memory were carried out during the study period, along with urine tests to verify they were sticking to the instruction.Zol is now legal in South Africa but it really does the really does dull the brain.