ORLANDO Pirates assistant coach Rhulani Mokwena is concerned about the danger posed by Kaizer Chiefs midfielder Willard Katsande ahead of the Absa Premiership Soweto derby at FNB Stadium on Saturday (3pm). Although Mokwena is not worried about Chiefs’ technical bench that has been depleted since the departure of Steve Komphela, he cautions that Katsande’s influence drives the Amakhosi engine. To ensure Bucs don’t falter on Saturday, Mokwena reveals, they started preparing for the derby a few weeks ago already. “This is a big one and the entire country heavily anticipates the derby,” said Mokwena during yesterday’s training session at Rand Stadium in Joburg. “We have already started our work on Chiefs. We’ve tried to work two or three games in advance. The Fifa break gave us a bit of opportunity to start our analysis and profiling of our opposition a couple of weeks ago. “There is not a lot of rotation that happens in Chiefs’ midfield and Katsande is mature, an important part of foundation of the team. When they build from the back that’s when they are most dangerous. They want to initiate a high pressing situation so they can get the ball behind the defence for runners like Khama (Billiat), (Dumisani) Zuma and (Siphelele) Ntshangase. And the person to do that is Katsande. “He needs more than one touch to deliver the ball to Khama, that’s dangerous and they look good when they do that. We have to work at training on how to manage such important people and crucial phases for them.” Mokwena said they had done their homework to ensure their defence would be solid, while also working on getting more goals. “We have done our work, we will continue to dig deeper so that we leave no stone unturned. We try to ensure our players have all the information they need to perform in the match.” However, Mokwena insists Chiefs have lost their zeal since Komphela’s sacking. He added: “Honestly, without sounding biased, I think losing Komphela was, in my opinion, a big loss for Chiefs from a technical perspective. The type of leader that he is, the tactical acumen he possesses . . . “I think in that regard, if you compare the current to the previous team from an organisational perspective, you can clearly see the lack of a coach of that calibre. I’m not taking anything away from the current coach, but you’ve seen how they played last season and how they play this season. You can see the influence and the loss. Technically, with regard to playing personnel, they’ve made huge strides, they’ve improved drastically. “The players they brought in have probably covered for the current lack of technical expertise on the bench. “Again, not to make it sound like the players who were there weren’t as good as players who came in. Manyama and Billiat have made strides in the team to improve the depth.”