POLOKWANE City aim to continue with their good form when they host SuperSport United in the Telkom Knockout Cup round of 16 clash at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium today (3:30pm). Rise and Shine are coming to this clash with an impressive league run of six games without a defeat – winning four and drawing two. Slovakia-born coach Josef Vukusic’s lads have beaten the likes of the current Absa Premiership log leaders Bidvest Wits, Free State Stars, their Limpopo rivals Baroka FC and Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs. “We’re doing well and the feeling in the team is amazing. Our aim is to continue with our good run,” said Rise and Shine captain Jabu Maluleke. “We are aware that SuperSport are known as cup specialists, but we will do all we can to try to knock them out. “The mood at camp is amazing and it gives me confidence that we can get positive results. This is a cup competition and there will be a winner at the end of the game. I hope it will be us.” Maluleke knows Matsatsantsa a Pitori and their head coach Kaitano Tembo very well, as he played for United for five years, winning league titles and cup competitions. Maluleke has warned his teammates to expect a totally different United team compared to the one they drew 1-1 with in a league clash two weeks ago, saying: “We are expecting a new team on the field this time because two weeks ago they rested some players as they were coming from playing the MTN8 final,” said Maluleke. “It’s going to be a tough game, but we’re also ready to give our best and continue with our good form.” Tembo will be hoping his star players like their captain Dean Furman, Ronwen Williams, Teboho Mokoena and Evans Rusike return from national duty free of injuries and fit for this clash. Tembo also knows that after losing the MTN8 Cup to Benni McCarthy’s Cape Town City, they now have to try to go all out for the competition with a R4 million prize.  The last time the three times PSL champions and the Pretoria based side won this tournament was in 2014.